ARTICLE XXX
NO-STRIKE AND NO-LOCKOUT
PROVISIONS AND OTHER UNDERTAKINGS
Section 1. No Strike.
During the term of this Agreement, neither the Players Association nor
its members shall engage in any strikes, cessations or stoppages of work, or
any other similar interference with the operations of the NBA or any of its
Teams. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 1 shall
impair the rights accorded the Players Association by Article XXXIX,
Section 3 (Termination by Players Association/Anti-Collusion), Section 6
(Mutual Right of Termination), Section 7 (Mutual Right of Termination --
League Financial Results), Section 8 (Mutual Right of Termination --
Designated Share), or Section 9 (Mutual Right of Termination -- League
Entity Transaction).
Section 2. No Lockout.
During the term of this Agreement, neither the NBA nor its Teams shall
engage in any lockouts, cessations or stoppages of work or any other similar
interference with the employment of NBA players by NBA Teams.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2 shall impair the
rights accorded the NBA by Article XXXIX, Section 4 (Termination by
NBA/National TV Revenues), Section 5 (Termination by NBA/Force
Majeure), Section 6 (Mutual Right of Termination), Section 7 (Mutual Right
of Termination -- League Financial Results), Section 8 (Mutual Right of
Termination -- Designated Share), or Section 9 (Mutual Right of
Termination -- League Entity Transaction).
Section 3. No Breach of Player Contracts.
The Players Association agrees that it will not engage in any concerted
activities to breach, induce the breach of, or threaten to breach or induce
the breach of, any Player Contract.Section 4. Best Efforts of Players Association.
The Players Association will use its best efforts: (a) to prevent each player
from rendering, or threatening to render, services as a professional
basketball player for another professional basketball team during the term
of a Player Contract between such player and the Team for which he plays
(except as said Player Contract may be assigned, sold, or transferred in
accordance with the provisions of such Player Contract or this Agreement);
(b) to prevent each player from refusing, or threatening to refuse, to
participate in any scheduled Exhibition game, Regular Season game, All-Star
Game, Rookie-Sophomore Game, All-Star Skills Competition, Play-In, or
playoff game; (c) to prevent each player from refusing, or threatening to
refuse, to report, within the time required, to a team in the NBAGL when
the player has been assigned to or is providing NBAGL Two-Way Service
with an NBAGL team in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement,
and to prevent each such player from refusing, or threatening to refuse, to
participate in any scheduled NBAGL game; (d) to prevent each player from
otherwise breaching, or threatening to breach, his Player Contract; and (e) to
prevent each player from making any demand upon the NBA or any of its
Teams, including, but not limited to, a demand (accompanied by threats that
the player will render services as a professional basketball player for another
professional basketball team during the term of his Player Contract) that
such Player Contract be renegotiated during the term thereof; provided,
however, that this provision is not intended to prevent any player from
entering into negotiations with a Team, in accordance with Article VII, with
respect to the compensation to be paid to said player for the Season(s)
following the last playing Season covered by any Player Contract, or renewal
or extension thereof.
Section 5. No Discrimination.
Neither the NBA, any Team, nor the Players Association shall
discriminate in the interpretation or application of this Agreement against
or in favor of any Player because of religion, race, national origin, sexual
orientation, or activity or lack of activity on behalf of the Players
Association.