ARTICLE XXXVII
PLAYER APPEARANCES AND ADDITIONAL CONTENT
ACTIVITIES/UNIFORM
Section 1. Player Activities on Behalf of the NBA.
(a) Appearances. A player may, during each Salary Cap Year covered
by a Player Contract to which he is a party, be required to make up to two (2)
appearances at the request of NBA Properties, Inc. in accordance with
Paragraph 13(d) of a Uniform Player Contract and Article II, Section 8. Any
appearance that a player is required to make shall comply with the terms of
Article II, Section 8, and when a player makes an appearance in accordance
with this Section, he shall be paid at least \$3,500.
(b) NBA Player Days. Upon request by the NBA, a player shall be
required to participate one (1) time each Salary Cap Year covered by a Player
Contract to which he is a party in an NBA-arranged "NBA Player Day"
content creation session (e.g., filming (x) a sit-down interview with the player
where the player discusses basketball and/or non-basketball-related topics,
(y) a player's visit to his hometown, or (z) a player's performance in a major
NBA brand advertising campaign). A player's required participation in any
such session will last no longer than two (2) hours and shall count as one (1)
individual or group appearance as applicable under Article II, Section 8(a)(i).
An NBA Player Day shall be planned by the NBA with consideration for
the player's schedule in accordance with the following:
(i) Participation Windows. A player's NBA Player Day for a
Salary Cap Year may take place during any of the following
periods: (1) during the off-season preceding the applicable
Season; (2) during All-Star Weekend for a player who is
participating in an All-Star Weekend game or event; or (3) if
agreed to by the player and the NBA, on a date during the
Season other than All-Star Weekend.
(ii) Off-Season Scheduling. Prior to the NBA Draft (or, for
players selected during such NBA Draft, within fifteen (15)
days of such NBA Draft), the NBA will notify those players
selected to participate in an NBA Player Day during the
off-season, and each such player shall promptly provideeither five (5) consecutive dates or eight (8) non-consecutive
dates on which he is available to participate within the period
beginning one (1) week after the Draft and ending at the start
of training camp for the following Season. Within one (1)
week of receiving such dates, the NBA will notify the player
of which date of those provided has been selected for the
player's participation in his NBA Player Day.
(iii) All-Star Scheduling. At least fifteen (15) days prior to the
commencement of All-Star Weekend, the NBA will notify
those players who have been selected to participate in an
NBA Player Day during that weekend, and the NBA and
each such player shall cooperate to designate a mutually
agreeable time during such weekend for such player to
participate in his NBA Player Day.
(iv) No Player Travel Required. Unless otherwise agreed to by
the player, a player shall not be required to travel from his
location (other than local ground transportation) to
participate in his NBA Player Day.
(v) Advance Notice. Subject to consultation with the respective
individual players, the NBA shall provide each player with
advance notice of the specific content plans (e.g., one-on-one
interview, local charity visit) for his NBA Player Day.
(c) Player Access to NBA Player Day and Player Appearance
Content. Footage captured by or on behalf of the NBA or Team during an
NBA Player Day or a Team content creation activity described in Article II,
Section 8(a)(iii)(B) shall, upon request, be made available by the NBA or the
Team to the player solely for use in Player-Produced Content (as defined in
Section 2(a) below) in accordance with the requirements and terms in
Section 2 below. The NBA shall also accommodate a reasonable request
from a player to allow a separate player-secured production crew to attend
an NBA Player Day involving such player, subject to reasonable parameters
provided by the NBA (e.g., relating to SAG rules for applicable content
involving SAG talent).(d) When a player fails, without reasonable excuse, to appear or
reasonably to cooperate during any of the activities referred to in this
Section 1, he may be fined for each failure in an amount up to \$20,000.
Section 2. Additional Content Opportunities for the NBA and
Players.
(a) Use of NBA Content for Player-Produced Content. A player
shall, upon request, receive footage of such player captured by or on behalf
of the NBA or Team described in Section 1(c) above, via a secure content
network that the NBA shall use good faith efforts to maintain in regular
working order (the "Content Network"), for the purpose of incorporating
such footage into content produced by or on behalf of such player during
such Season ("Player-Produced Content"), which may be used by such
player subject to the requirements and terms set forth in this Section 2.
(b) Content Participants and Additional Player Content
Opportunities. For any Season, a "Content Participant" means (for
purposes of this Article XXXVII) a player who agrees in writing by the
September 1 prior to the Season either to (x) participate in three (3) content
creation activities during the Season, that are in addition to activities
otherwise required under this Agreement and/or the Uniform Player
Contract and that are described in subsection 2(b)(i) below, or (y) license the
use of his Player-Produced Content on NBA and/or Team platforms, as
described in subsection 2(b)(ii) below. A Content Participant for a Season
shall, upon request, receive footage captured by or on behalf of such player
described in Section 2(b)(i) below and game footage and game photos as
described in Sections 2(c) and 2(d) below for the purpose of incorporating
such footage and photos into Player-Produced Content, and other such uses
as described in Sections 2(c) and 2(d) below, during such Season and the
immediately following offseason, subject to the requirements and terms set
forth in this Section 2. For clarity, "game footage" and "game photos"
include any images from a game, including game action and players on-court,
in the tunnel, or elsewhere in the arena or other team facility.
(i) Additional Content Creation Activities. If requested by the
NBA, a Content Participant who has selected the option
described in subsection 2(b)(x) above shall participate in
three (3) of any of the following content creation activities
each Season (in each case, as determined by the NBA, butfor no longer than thirty (30) minutes per activity): (A) a live
digital/social content interview or activity; (B) a recorded
NBA content session (e.g., a performance in an NBA brand
campaign); and (C) an off-court/out-of-arena interview
during the Season (e.g., a live remote interview).
(ii) Provision of Player-Produced Content to the NBA and
Team. Upon the NBA's request, a Content Participant who
has elected the option described in subsection 2(b)(y) above
shall promptly make available to the NBA via the Content
Network, and shall be deemed to have licensed the NBA and
the Team on a non-exclusive, royalty free basis,
Player-Produced Content that includes or depicts any NBA
or Team footage described in Sections 1(c) above, any game
footage, and/or any game photos, for use, during and after
the term of this Agreement, on NBA and/or Team
platforms (the "Player-Produced Content License"), it being
understood that the NBA or Team shall be responsible for
the procurement of any applicable third-party content
licenses to permit it to use such Player-Produced Content.
Any Player-Produced Content that is used on NBA and/or
Team platforms may not include any sponsorship unless
agreed to by the player and the NBA. In addition, this
Section 2 does not confer any right or authority for the NBA
or any Team to use any Player-Produced Content in a way
that constitutes an unauthorized Endorsement (as such term
is defined and clarified in Article XXVIII).
(c) Use of Game Footage.
(i) Automated Delivery of Game Highlights. Promptly
following the conclusion of each Regular Season, Play-In,
and playoff game in which a Content Participant
participates, the NBA shall make available to such Content
Participant at least two (2) "highlights" (i.e., game footage
clips) from that game featuring such player, subject to
availability.
(ii) Selection of Game Highlights by Content Participant. A
Content Participant may request to substitute anautomatedly-distributed game highlight for another game
footage clip of such player from such game and the
substituted clip shall be delivered within one (1) week of the
request.
(iii) Use by Content Participants. Game footage shall be made
available to a Content Participant via the Content Network
and, subject to the terms and requirements of this Section 2,
may be posted by the applicable Content Participant on
applicable Designated Distribution Platforms (as defined in
Section 2(f) below), as follows:
(1) On an "Unedited" basis — i.e., not presented in
conjunction with or incorporated into any other content
(e.g., non-game content, other game highlights) and
without alteration other than formatting necessary to
post on the applicable platform, it being understood that
the foregoing shall not restrict non-video elements that
would customarily accompany such a posting (e.g., a
written caption accompanying a highlight on a
Designated Distribution Platform); and/or
(2) As incorporated into Player-Produced Content,
provided that (x) a maximum of five (5) minutes of game
footage may be incorporated within one (1) or more
pieces of Player-Produced Content each Salary Cap Year
produced by the player and (y) no single piece of Player-
Produced Content may include more than one (1)
minute of game footage.
(iv) NBA Promotional Messaging in Game Footage. The NBA
may include or cause the inclusion of promotional
messaging on behalf of the NBA or Team into the game
footage that is made available to, and that may be used by, a
Content Participant; provided that such promotional
messaging is subject to the approval of the Players
Association. Each of the following types of promotional
messaging is hereby approved by the Players Association:
(1) game tune-in messaging; (2) promotion of NBA-brandedand controlled content platforms (e.g., the NBA mobile
application); and (3) ticket sales promotion.
(d) Use of Game Photos.
(i) Automated Delivery of Game Photos. Promptly following
the conclusion of each Regular Season, Play-In, and playoff
game, the NBA shall make available to each Content
Participant for such Season that is active during the game at
least two (2) game photos of the player from that game,
subject to availability, which, subject to the terms and
requirements of this Section 2, the player may post on
applicable Designated Distribution Platforms.
(ii) Selection of Game Photos by Content Participant. A
Content Participant may request to substitute an
automatedly-distributed game photo for another selected
game photo of such player from such game and the
substituted photo shall be delivered within one week of the
request.
(iii) Incorporation into Player-Produced Content. A Content
Participant may include game photos made available
pursuant to this Section 2(d) within Player-Produced
Content.
(e) Authorized Uses. The NBA hereby licenses on a non-exclusive,
royalty-free basis a player to use footage of such player captured by or on
behalf of the NBA or Team described in Section 1(c) above for inclusion in
Player-Produced Content and, in the case of a Content Participant, footage
of such player captured by or on behalf of the NBA or Team described in
Section 2(b)(i) above, game footage and game photos, which, in each case,
may be made available by such player during and after the term of this
Agreement, subject to the requirements and terms of this Section 2,
including the following requirements and terms:
(i) Player-Produced Content shall be (1) required to be
primarily focused on the applicable player (and, for clarity,
not on the NBA or any Team, it being understood that such
content could include incidental appearances of otherplayers) and (2) subject to any other parameters related to
the content licensed from the NBA and reasonably
established by the NBA (e.g., a player could not post a clip
of an NBA commercial created during an "NBA Player
Day" until the commercial has been officially launched by
the NBA);
(ii) The incorporation of game footage into Player-Produced
Content or other uses of game footage, if applicable, shall be
subject to NBA agreements with third parties that limit such
use outside of the United States and Canada;
(iii) Distribution of Player-Produced Content, game footage, and
game photos, if applicable, shall be limited to the Designated
Distribution Platforms set forth in Section 2(f) below; and
(iv) Such player shall be responsible for the procurement of any
applicable third-party content licenses to permit such player
to use such Player-Produced Content, NBA- or
team-captured content, game footage and/or game photos.
(f) Designated Distribution Platforms. A player shall be permitted
to distribute or "post" (but, for clarity, not to license in a commercial
transaction) applicable Player-Produced Content and, with respect to
Content Participants, game footage and game photos on the following
distribution platforms (the "Designated Distribution Platforms"): (i) the
player's own "official" (i.e., controlled by the player and/or his
representatives) website and mobile application; and (ii) the player's own
"official" handles on Social Media Platforms. "Social Media Platforms"
means social media platforms on which the NBA and/or NBA Teams
then-currently post content through official handles. Upon request, the
NBA shall provide from time to time the list of Social Media Platforms that
meet the above definition.
(g) Limitation on Sponsorship and Advertising. No game footage,
game photos, and/or Player-Produced Content that includes any NBA- or
Team-captured content, game footage and/or game photos, may be used or
distributed by a player in connection with any sponsorship or advertising for
any product, service, or brand (including, for clarity, sponsorship of a
Designated Distribution Platform on which any such content appears).(h) Other Permitted Uses Subject to NBA Approval. A player may
use game footage, game photos, or NBA-captured content outside of the
parameters described in this Section 2, and/or for a commercial purpose, if
approved in writing by the NBA. Players and the NBA each retain the right
to enter into arm's length transactions, on mutually agreeable terms, to
license game footage and game photos, and/or other NBA intellectual
property, including without the player having to grant any corresponding
licenses to the NBA.
(i) Content Advisory Council. A Content Advisory Council,
composed of players and representatives from the Players Association and
NBA, shall be established to consult on the development and distribution
of Player-Produced Content and other content described in this Section 2
and any process or operational matters related to the cooperation of the
parties as described in this Section. The Content Advisory Council shall also
discuss, among other things, best practices and opportunities in connection
with the creation of content.
(j) Process Matters. The NBA (on behalf of itself and the NBA
Teams) shall designate a representative responsible for communicating and
receiving the requests and notifications under this Section (e.g., a player's
request for NBA Player Day footage) and shall communicate with players
directly with respect to such requests and notifications.
Section 3. Indemnity.
Neither the NBA nor any Team shall be liable for any monetary or non-
monetary claims arising out of or relating to Paragraphs 13(f), or 14(a) of
the Uniform Player Contract (the "Designated Player Contract Provisions").
The Players Association indemnifies, saves and holds harmless the NBA,
each Team, and each of its and their respective affiliates, owners, directors,
governors, officers and employees, and the successors, assigns and personal
representatives of the foregoing parties, against any and all claims, demands,
suits, or other forms of liability that may arise, directly or indirectly, in
connection with the Designated Player Contract Provisions, including their
enforcement and/or application, provided that any such claim is not due to
the breach of the Group License (as defined in the Uniform Player Contract)
by the NBA, any Team or any League-related entities that generate BRI;
provided, further that, the Players Association is notified of such claim in
writing (and, in no event later than five (5) days from the receipt thereof), isgiven the opportunity to assume the defense thereof, and the NBA, its
Teams and/or other indemnified parties in accordance with this Section
(whichever is sued) use their best efforts to defend such claim, and do not
admit liability with respect to and do not settle such claim without the prior
written consent of the Players Association.
Section 4. Uniform.
(a) During any NBA game or practice, including warm-up periods and
going to and from the locker room to the playing floor, a player shall wear
only the Uniform as supplied by his Team. For purposes of the preceding
sentence only, "Uniform" means all clothing and other items (such as
kneepads, wristbands, and headbands, but not including Sneakers) worn by
a player during an NBA game or practice. "Sneakers" means athletic shoes
of the type worn by players while playing an NBA game.
(b) Other than as may be incorporated into his Uniform and the
manufacturer's identification incorporated into his Sneakers, a player may
not, during any NBA game, display any commercial, promotional, or
charitable name, mark, logo, or other identification, including, but not
limited to, on his body, in his hair, or otherwise.