ARTICLE XXI
NBA ALL-STAR GAME
Section 1. Participation.
(a) Any player selected (by any method designated by the NBA) to play
in an All-Star Game shall be required to:
(i) attend and participate in such Game;
(ii) attend and participate in one (1) All-Star Skills Competition
(but not including the Slam Dunk Competition) designated
by the NBA that is conducted during the All-Star Weekend
on which such Game is held; and
(iii) attend and participate in every other event conducted in
association with such All-Star Weekend, including, but not
limited to, a reasonable number of media sessions, television
appearances, and promotional appearances.
(b) Any player selected (by any method designated by the NBA) to play
in a Rookie-Sophomore Game (e.g., Rookies vs. Sophomores,
captains-selected mix of Rookies and Sophomores on each team, or U.S.
players vs. international players) shall be required to:
(i) attend and participate in such Game;
(ii) attend and participate in any All-Star Skills Competition
designated by the NBA that is conducted during the All-Star
Weekend on which such Game is held; and
(iii) attend and participate in every other event conducted in
association with such All-Star Weekend, including, but not
limited to, a reasonable number of media sessions, television
appearances, and promotional appearances.
(c) Any player who has not been selected to play in the All-Star Game
or the Rookie-Sophomore Game, but has been selected (by any method
designated by the NBA) to participate in an All-Star Skills Competition (but
not including the Slam Dunk Competition) shall be required to attend andparticipate in such Skills Competition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
player will be required to attend and participate in such All-Star Skills
Competition for more than two (2) consecutive years, unless he is the prior
year's winner of such All-Star Skills Competition. Any player who, at the
request of the NBA, voluntarily agrees to participate in the Slam Dunk
Competition, shall be required to attend and participate in such Slam Dunk
Competition.
(d) Nothing in this Article XXI shall preclude a player who is an officer
or a representative of the Players Association from attending the Players
Association's annual meeting during All-Star Weekend or preclude any
player from attending the Players Association's All-Star party.
(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 1(a), (b), or (c)
above, a player will not be required to participate in a particular All-Star
Game, Rookie-Sophomore Game, or All-Star Skills Competition if he has
been excused from participation in the particular event by the Commissioner
because (i) he has an injury or illness that renders him physically unable to
participate in such Game or Skills Competition, or (ii) for such other reason
as the Commissioner may determine in his sole discretion. If the player
asserts, or the player's Team asserts in respect of the player, that he should
be excused from participation in a particular All-Star Game or event under
Section 1(e)(i) above, the Commissioner shall be authorized to require the
player to submit to a medical examination to be performed by a physician
designated by the NBA, and the determination of whether Section 1(e)(i) is
satisfied shall be made by such physician in his sole discretion. In the event
that a player is excused from participation in an All-Star Game or event
under Section 1(e)(i) above, he shall thereafter remain on his Team's Inactive
List until he is cleared to return to the Active List by the NBA.
(f) Any player who is selected to play in an All-Star Game but is excused
from participation under Section 1(e) above shall not receive the All-Star
award due to him under Section 2(a) below unless (i) he does not play in his
Team's last Regular Season game prior to that All-Star Game or (ii) he does
not play in his Team's first Regular Season game following that All-Star
Game.Section 2. Awards.
(a) For their participation in an All-Star Game, players on the winning
team shall each receive \$100,000 and players on the losing team shall each
receive \$25,000.
(b) For their participation in a Rookie-Sophomore Game, players on the
winning team shall each receive \$25,000 and players on the losing team shall
each receive \$10,000 (or, if there are more than two teams of players that
participate in the Rookie-Sophomore Game, then players on the winning
team shall each receive \$25,000, players on the second place team shall each
receive \$15,000, and players on the remaining teams shall each receive
\$10,000).
(c) For their participation in an All-Star Skills Competition, players shall
receive the following amounts:
Slam Dunk Three-Point Shootout
1st Place: \$105,000 1st Place: \$60,000
2nd Place: \$55,000 2nd Place: \$40,000
3rd Place: \$20,000 3rd Place: \$25,000
4th Place: \$20,000 4th Place: \$15,000
5th Place: \$15,000
6th Place: \$15,000
7th Place: \$15,000
8th Place: \$10,000Skills Challenge
1st Place: \$55,000
2nd Place: \$40,000
3rd Place: \$20,000
4th Place: \$20,000
5th Place: \$15,000
6th Place: \$15,000
7th Place: \$15,000
8th Place: \$15,000
Section 3. Player Guests.
Each player who participates in the All-Star Game, Rookie-Sophomore
Game, or any All-Star Skills Competition may invite two (2) guests, who
shall be reimbursed for the cost of round-trip first-class air transportation
between the home city of the Team by which such player is employed and
the site of the All-Star Game, Rookie-Sophomore Game, or All-Star Skills
Competition.
Section 4. Players Not Participating in All-Star Activities.
Players who do not attend or participate in the All-Star Game,
Rookie-Sophomore Game, an All-Star Skills Competition, or NBAGL
All-Star activities shall have three (3) days off during the All-Star Weekend
break.
Section 5. All-Star Skills Competitions.
The All-Star Skills Competitions that take place during any All-Star
Weekend shall be selected by the NBA; provided, however, that before
adding any new event to the All-Star Skills Competitions that take place
during any All-Star Weekend (i.e., an event different from any conducted bythe NBA during any All-Star Weekend held prior to the 2023-24 Season),
the NBA shall obtain the consent of the Players Association, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld. The rule relating to mandatory
participation in Section 1(c) above shall apply only to current All-Star Skills
Competitions (with the exception of the Slam Dunk Competition), unless
the player is the prior year's winner of an All-Star Skills Competition (with
the exception of the Slam Dunk Competition), and the new event is
consented to by the Players Association under this Section 5.
Section 6. All-Star Committee.
The NBA and the Players Association shall continue to discuss in good
faith matters relating to All-Star Weekend, including the nature, schedule,
and format of All-Star events, player participation therein, and award
amounts.