32      Article II
Player Contracts entered into prior to the effective date of this Agreement
(but in the case of Player Contracts entered into prior to the effective date
of this Agreement that are extended on or after the effective date of this
Agreement, only with respect to the years remaining on the Contract as of
the effective date of this Agreement), the Compensation protection in such
Contracts shall be subject to the standard conditions or limitations set
forth in Section 4 of the 2011 NBA/NBPA Collective Bargaining
Agreement and any individually-negotiated conditions or limitations
contained in the applicable Contract.
Section 5.     Conformity.
   (a) All currently effective Player Contracts, and all Player Contracts
entered into on or after the effective date of this Agreement that do not
otherwise so provide, shall be deemed amended in such manner to require
the parties to comply with all terms of this Agreement, including the terms
of the Uniform Player Contract annexed hereto as Exhibit A. All Player
Contracts shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement, which shall
supersede the terms of any Player Contract inconsistent herewith. No
Player Contract shall provide for the waiver by a player or a Team of any
benefits or the sacrifice of any rights to which the player or the Team is
entitled by virtue of a Uniform Player Contract or this Agreement.
   (b) Notwithstanding Section 5(a) above, no Player Contract entered
into prior to the effective date of this Agreement shall be affected by any
provisions of this Agreement expressly indicating that they apply only to
Player Contracts entered into on or after the effective date of this
Agreement.
Section 6.     Minimum Player Salary.
   (a) Except with respect to 10-Day Contracts provided for in Section 9
below, Rest-of-Season Contracts provided for in Section 10 below, and
Two-Way Contracts provided for in Section 11 below, no Player Contract
shall provide for a Salary of less than the applicable scale amount
contained in the Minimum Annual Salary Scale applicable for such Salary
Cap Year. For the 2017-18 Salary Cap Year, the Minimum Annual Salary
Scale is set forth as Exhibit C hereto. For each Salary Cap Year
commencing with the 2018-19 Salary Cap Year, the Minimum Annual
Salary Scale amounts shall be adjusted by applying the percentage increase

