                                                           Article VIII    265
                               ARTICLE VIII
                              ROOKIE SCALE
Section 1.     Rookie Scale Contracts for First Round Picks.
   (a) Each Rookie Scale Contract between a Team and a First Round
Pick shall cover a period of two (2) Seasons, but shall have an Option in
favor of the Team for the player’s third Season and a second Option in
favor of the Team for the player’s fourth Season. The Option for the
player’s third Season shall be exercisable during the period from the day
following the last day of the first Season through the immediately
following October 31. The Option for the player’s fourth Season shall be
exercisable during the period from the day following the last day of the
second Season through the immediately following October 31. (For
clarity, consistent with the rule set forth in Article XLII, Section 2, if
October 31 in any year falls on a Saturday, Sunday or Federal Holiday,
then the deadline for exercising Options in Rookie Scale Contracts shall be
deemed to fall on the following business day.) Such Options shall be
exercisable by notice to the player that is either personally delivered to the
player or his representative or sent by email or pre-paid certified,
registered, or overnight mail to the last known address of the player or his
representative, signed by the Team, informing the player that the Team has
exercised such Option.
   (b) (i)       The Rookie Salary Scale applicable to a First Round Pick is
                 determined by the first Season to be covered by the player’s
                 Rookie Scale Contract. Accordingly, for example, if a
                 player’s Rookie Scale Contract commences with the 2017-
                 18 Season, the 2017-18 Rookie Salary Scale shall apply.
                 Within a particular Rookie Salary Scale, a First Round
                 Pick’s applicable Rookie Scale Amounts are determined by
                 the player’s selection number in the NBA Draft.
                 Accordingly, for example, the Rookie Scale Amounts
                 applicable to the eighth player selected in the first round of
                 the NBA Draft shall be those specified in the applicable
                 Rookie Salary Scale for the eighth pick. Notwithstanding
                 anything to the contrary in this Section 1(b)(i) or in Section
                 1(b)(ii) below, beginning on January 10 of each Season, an
                 unsigned First Round Pick’s applicable Rookie Scale

