290      Article XI
                         Offer shall be        deemed     to  be    withdrawn
                         simultaneously.
                 (E)     A player may accept either his Qualifying Offer or
                         his Maximum Qualifying Offer, but not both.
    (b) Any Veteran Free Agent (other than a First Round Pick whose first
Option Year or second Option Year was not exercised) who (i) will have
three (3) or fewer Years of Service as of the June 30 following the end of
the last Season covered by his Player Contract, or (ii) is completing a Two-
Way Contract and was on the NBA Team’s Active or Inactive List for
fifteen (15) or more days of the NBA Regular Season in the last Season of
the Two-Way Contract, will be a Restricted Free Agent if his Prior Team
makes a Qualifying Offer to the player at any time from the day following
such Season through the immediately following June 29. If such a
Qualifying Offer is made, then, on the July 1 following the last Season
covered by the player’s Player Contract, the player shall become a
Restricted Free Agent, subject to a Right of First Refusal in favor of the
ROFR Team, as set forth in Section 5 below. If such a Qualifying Offer is
not made, then the player shall become an Unrestricted Free Agent on
such July 1. For clarity, a player who is completing a Two-Way Contract
but was not on the NBA Team’s Active or Inactive List for fifteen (15) or
more days of the NBA Regular Season in the last Season of the Two-Way
Contract will become an Unrestricted Free Agent on the July 1 following
the last Season covered by that Two-Way Contract.
    (c)   (i)    A player who receives a Qualifying Offer must be given
                 until the October 1 following its issuance to accept it.
                 Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a Qualifying
                 Offer may be withdrawn by the Team at any time through
                 the July 13 following its issuance. If the Qualifying Offer is
                 not withdrawn on or before July 13, it may be withdrawn
                 thereafter but only if the player agrees in writing to the
                 withdrawal. If a Qualifying Offer is withdrawn, the player
                 shall immediately become an Unrestricted Free Agent. If a
                 Qualifying Offer is withdrawn on or after July 14, the
                 Team also shall be deemed to have renounced the player in
                 accordance with Article VII, Section 4(g). A player may
                 not accept a Qualifying Offer after the October 1 following
                 the issuance thereof, unless the Team, prior to October 1,

