382      Article XXIX
                              ARTICLE XXIX
                           MISCELLANEOUS
Section 1.      Active Roster Size.
    Each Team agrees to have twelve (12) or thirteen (13) players on its
Active List and to have a minimum of eight (8) players on the bench for all
Regular Season games. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Team may
from time to time as appropriate, but for no more than two (2)
consecutive weeks at a time during the Regular Season, have eleven (11)
players on its Active List. During the period from the day following the
last day of the Regular Season (or, for Teams that qualify for the playoffs,
the day following the Team’s last playoff game), until the day before the
first day of the following Regular Season, the maximum number of players
(including Two-Way Players) that a Team may carry on its Active List shall
be twenty (20). Players on the Inactive List shall be transferred to the
Active List on the day following the last day of the Regular Season (or, for
Teams that qualify for the playoffs, the day following the Team’s last
playoff game).
Section 2.      Inactive Roster.
    Each Team agrees to have at least two (2) players on its Inactive List for
all Regular Season games. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) any Team
that has eleven (11) or twelve (12) players on its Active List may from time
to time as appropriate, but for no more than two (2) consecutive weeks at
any time during the Regular Season, have one (1) player on its Inactive
List, and (ii) any Team that has thirteen (13) players on its Active List may
have one (1) player on its Inactive List, and may, from time to time as
appropriate, but for no more than two (2) consecutive weeks at any time
during the Regular Season, have zero (0) players on its Inactive List. For
each Two-Way Player that a Team places on the Active List or Inactive
List, the minimum Inactive List requirements set forth in this Section 2
shall be increased by one (1) for that Team.
Section 3.      Two-Way Roster.
    (a) A Two-Way Player shall be placed on his Team’s (i) Active List or
Inactive List (as applicable) while the Two-Way Player is providing services

