192    Article VII
       have that player’s Salary excluded from its Team Salary pursuant to
       this Section 4(h) for the same Salary Cap Year.
   (i) Summer Contracts.
       (1) Except as provided in Section 4(i)(2) below and subject to
       Article II, Section 15, from July 1 until the day prior to the first day
       of the next Regular Season, a Team may enter into Player
       Contracts that will not be included in Team Salary until the first
       day of such Regular Season (i.e., the player will be deemed not to
       have any Salary until the first day of such Regular Season),
       provided that such Contracts satisfy the requirements of this
       Section 4(i) (a “Summer Contract”). Except as set forth in the
       following sentence, no Summer Contract may provide for (i)
       Compensation of any kind that is or may be paid or earned prior to
       the first day of the next Regular Season, or (ii) Compensation
       protection of any kind pursuant to Article II, Section 3(g) or 4.
       The only consideration that may be provided to a player signed to
       a Summer Contract, prior to the start of the Regular Season, is per
       diem, lodging, transportation, compensation in accordance with
       paragraph 3(b) of the Uniform Player Contract, and a disability
       insurance policy covering disabilities incurred while such player
       participates in summer leagues or rookie camps for the Team. A
       Team that has entered into one or more Summer Contracts must
       terminate such Contracts no later than the day prior to the first day
       of a Regular Season, except to the extent the Team has Room for
       such Contracts or is entitled to use the Minimum Player Salary
       Exception.
       (2) A Team may not enter into a Summer Contract with a
       Veteran Free Agent who last played for the Team unless the
       Contract is for one (1) Season only and provides for no more than
       the Minimum Player Salary applicable to such player.
   (j) Two-Way Contracts. Two-Way Player Salaries shall be excluded
from Team Salary. Thus, for example, a Team is not required to have
Room or an Exception to sign, acquire, or convert a player to a Two-Way
Contract.

