318      Article XIV
and, except in cases where the Players Association seeks only declaratory
relief or a direction to cease and desist from the challenged conduct,
caused economic injury to such player(s).
Section 7.     Summary Judgment.
    The System Arbitrator may, at any time following the conclusion of any
permitted discovery, determine whether or not the complainant’s evidence
is sufficient to raise a genuine issue of material fact capable of satisfying
the standards imposed by Sections 5 and 6 above. If the System Arbitrator
determines that complainant’s evidence is not so sufficient, he shall dismiss
the action. In considering the sufficiency of the complainant’s evidence,
the System Arbitrator may consider documentary evidence and affidavits
submitted by the parties.
Section 8.     Remedies for Economic Injury.
    In the event that an individual player or players, or the Players
Association acting on his or their behalf, successfully proves a violation of
Section 1 above that has caused economic injury, the player or players
determined by the System Arbitrator to have suffered economic injury as a
result of the violation will have the right:
    (a) to terminate his (or their) existing Player Contract(s) at his (or
their) option (however, such termination shall not take effect until the
conclusion of a then-ongoing NBA Season, if any). Such right of
termination shall not arise until the recommendation of the System
Arbitrator finding a violation is no longer subject to further appeal and
must be exercised by the player within thirty (30) days therefrom. If, at the
time the Player Contract is terminated, such player would have been an
Unrestricted Free Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, he
shall immediately become an Unrestricted Free Agent. If, at the time the
Player Contract is terminated, such player would have been a Restricted
Free Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, such player shall
immediately become a Restricted Free Agent upon such termination;
however, any such player may choose to reinstate his Player Contract at
any time up until September 15 of that year; and
    (b) to recover damages as described in Section 9 below. However, if
the player terminates his Player Contract under Section 8(a) above and

