                                                        Article XXXI      397
Section 5.    Procedure.
    (a) Not later than seven (7) days prior to the hearing, the parties shall
submit to the Grievance Arbitrator a joint statement of the issue(s) in
dispute. If the parties cannot agree on such a joint statement, each party
may submit to the Grievance Arbitrator a separate statement setting forth
the disputed issue(s), and such separate statement shall be delivered to the
other party or parties at the same time it is submitted to the Grievance
Arbitrator.
    (b) During each Salary Cap Year covered by this Agreement, the NBA
and the Players Association shall each be entitled, as a matter of right, in
connection with two (2) proceedings brought pursuant to this Article
XXXI, to the discovery, in advance of a hearing, of non-privileged
documents from any adverse party (or parties) in such proceeding. The
party (or parties) to whom a request for document discovery is made shall
have the obligation to produce only documents that are directly relevant
and material to the core issue(s) in dispute, and shall not be obligated to
produce documents merely because the production of such documents
would be reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of relevant or
admissible evidence.
    (c) Not later than three (3) business days prior to the hearing, the
parties shall exchange witness lists, relevant documents and other
evidentiary materials, and citations of legal authorities that each side
intends to rely on in its affirmative case. Absent a showing of good cause,
no party may proffer, refer to, or rely on the testimony of any witness, any
document or other evidentiary material in its affirmative case that has not
been identified to the other side as required by this subsection.
    (d) The Grievance Arbitrator shall grant the request of any party to file
a pre-hearing and/or post-hearing brief, unless an opposing party
demonstrates that the filing of briefs is unreasonable in the circumstances.
If the Grievance Arbitrator grants a request to file pre-hearing briefs, such
briefs shall be served on the adverse party (or parties) and filed with the
Grievance Arbitrator not later than three (3) business days prior to the
hearing. No pre-hearing brief shall exceed ten (10) pages in length, and the
rules applicable in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York with respect to the calculation of pages, the size of
font, margins and the like shall apply. If the Grievance Arbitrator grants a
request to file post-hearing briefs, such briefs shall be served on the

