                                                            Article XX      335
                Section 1(e)(iii) below, the Team shall not, at a separate
                time during the day, conduct, organize or supervise any
                additional basketball activity on the basketball court.
         (iii)  Nothing in Section 1(e)(i) and (ii) above shall be construed
                to prohibit a Team, on any day of training camp, from
                conducting one (1) or two (2) regular practice sessions in
                accordance with Section 1(e)(i) above, plus:
                (A)     on-court skills development sessions (e.g., pick-and-
                        roll situations, shooting, passing, etc.) not involving
                        the playing of live defense (i.e., only “dummy”
                        defense may be played) and not involving the
                        practicing of four-man or five-man offenses or
                        defenses; and
                (B)     team-related or training-related activities (including,
                        but not limited to, weight training, other
                        conditioning sessions (excluding high-impact
                        conditioning drills that are normally conducted
                        during regular practice sessions), video sessions,
                        meetings, and promotional appearances), so long as
                        such additional activities do not include any
                        basketball activity on the basketball court that is
                        organized, supervised, or conducted by the Team.
Section 2.     Exhibition Games.
   (a) Exhibition games prior to any Regular Season shall not exceed six
(6) (including intra-squad games for which admission is charged), and
Exhibition games during any Regular Season shall not exceed three (3).
   (b) Exhibition games shall not be played on the three (3) days prior to
the Team’s first Regular Season game in the United States and Canada, on
the day prior to a Regular Season game, or on the day prior to and the day
following the All-Star Game.
Section 3.     Regular Season Games.
Each Team agrees that in no event will it play more than eighty-two (82)
Regular Season games.

