A-12     Exhibit A
the Player violates this Paragraph 12, he shall be subject to discipline
imposed by the Team and/or the Commissioner of the NBA. Nothing
contained herein shall be intended to require the Player to obtain the
written consent of the Team in order to enable the Player to participate in,
as an amateur, the sports of golf, tennis, handball, swimming, hiking,
softball, volleyball, and other similar sports that a reasonable person would
not recognize as involving or exposing the participant to a substantial risk
of bodily injury.
   13. PROMOTIONAL ACTIVITIES.
   (a) The Player agrees to allow the Team, the NBA, or any League-
related entity to take pictures of the Player, alone or together with others,
for still photographs, motion pictures, television, or other Media (as such
term is defined in Article XXVIII of the CBA), at such reasonable times as
the Team, the NBA or the League-related entity may designate. No matter
by whom taken, such images may be used in any manner desired by either
the Team, the NBA, or the League-related entity for publicity or
promotional purposes for Teams or the NBA. The rights in any such
images taken by the Team, the NBA, or the League-related entity shall
belong to the Team, the NBA, or the League-related entity, as their
interests may appear.
   (b) The Player agrees that, during any year of this Contract, he will not
make public appearances, participate in radio or television programs,
permit his picture to be taken, write or sponsor newspaper or magazine
articles, or sponsor commercial products without the written consent of
the Team, which shall not be withheld except in the reasonable interests of
the Team or the NBA. The foregoing shall be interpreted in accordance
with the decision in Portland Trail Blazers v. Darnell Valentine and Jim Paxson,
Decision 86-2 (August 13, 1986).
   (c) Upon request, the Player shall consent to and make himself
available for interviews by representatives of the media conducted at
reasonable times.
   (d) In addition to the foregoing, and subject to the conditions and
limitations set forth in Article II, Section 8 of the CBA, the Player agrees
to participate, upon request, in all other reasonable promotional activities
of the Team, the NBA, and any League-related entity. For each such

