F-8      Exhibit F
disciplinary action by the Commissioner against the player in accordance
with the provisions of this Policy.
    While on administrative leave, the player shall be ineligible to play in
any of his team’s games. However, the player will continue to receive his
salary and other welfare benefits to which he would be entitled as an active
player. The player and the player’s team may also request that the player
be allowed to participate in non-public practices, workouts, or other team
activities with the consent of the NBA, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld.
    A player may challenge the decision to be placed on paid administrative
leave under the Grievance and Arbitration Procedure of the CBA. In
evaluating such a challenge, the Grievance Arbitrator will determine
whether it was reasonable for the Commissioner to place the player on
administrative leave. A player may also request the Grievance Arbitrator
review the length of a period of administrative leave that exceeds seven
days. In such a proceeding, the Grievance Arbitrator will determine
whether administrative leave in excess of seven days is reasonable based on
the totality of the circumstances. Once a player challenges the decision to
be placed on paid administrative leave, or the duration of such leave, the
hearing before the Grievance Arbitrator must take place within 72 hours.
Discipline
    Based on a finding of just cause, the Commissioner may fine, suspend,
or dismiss and disqualify from any further association with the NBA and
its teams a player who engages in prohibited conduct in violation of this
Policy. Repeat offenders will be subject to enhanced discipline.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, an admission to, or conviction for, any
offense that involves conduct that violates this Policy, whether after trial or
upon a plea of guilty, as well as any plea of no contest or nolo contendere,
will conclusively establish a violation of this Policy. A violation based on
this ground, however, shall in no way limit or prevent the NBA from
continuing to investigate the incident. Additionally, such admission,
conviction, or plea is not required in order for a Policy violation to have
occurred. However, a player who is acquitted after trial in a criminal
proceeding may not be subject to disciplinary penalties under this Policy.

