                                                     Article XXXVI      461
                            ARTICLE XXXVI
                           PLAYER AGENTS
Section 1.     Approval of Player Contracts.
   The NBA shall not approve any Player Contract between a player and a
Team unless such player (a) is represented in the negotiations with respect
to such Player Contract by an agent or representative duly certified by the
Players Association in accordance with the Players Association’s
Regulations Governing Player Agents and authorized to represent him, or
(b) acts on his own behalf in negotiating such Player Contract.
Section 2.     Fines.
   The NBA shall impose a fine of $50,000 upon any Team that negotiates
a Player Contract with an agent or representative not certified by the
Players Association in accordance with the Players Association’s
Regulations Governing Player Agents if, at the time of such negotiations,
such Team either (a) knows that such agent or representative has not been
so certified, or (b) fails to make reasonable inquiry of the NBA as to
whether such agent or representative has been so certified.
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in no event shall any Team be
subject to a fine if the Team negotiates a Player Contract with an agent or
representative designated as the player’s authorized agent on the then-
current agent list provided by the Players Association to the NBA in
accordance with Section 5 below.
Section 3.     Prohibition on Players as Agents.
   For purposes of negotiating the terms of a Uniform Player Contract or
otherwise dealing with a Team over any matter, players are prohibited
from (a) representing other current or prospective NBA players as an
agent certified under the Players Association’s Regulations Governing
Player Agents, or (b) holding an equity interest or position in a business
entity that represents other current or prospective NBA players as an agent
certified under the Players Association’s Regulations Governing Player
Agents.

