424     Article XXXIII
managing and overseeing such Programs, subject to the control of the
NBA and the Players Association. To the extent practicable, the Medical
Director shall select qualified retired NBA players to serve as Counselors.
   (b) The NBA and the Players Association shall jointly select a SPED
Medical Director who shall be a medical doctor, preferably specializing in
internal or sports medicine, with experience in the field of testing and
treatment for steroids and performance-enhancing drugs. The SPED
Medical Director shall have the responsibility, among other duties, for
making medical review determinations for SPEDs, for evaluating and
treating players subject to the SPED Program, and for otherwise managing
and overseeing the SPED Program, subject to the control of the NBA and
the Players Association. The Medical Director shall continue to perform
the responsibilities of the SPED Medical Director until the first SPED
Medical Director is selected pursuant to this Agreement.
   (c) The NBA and the Players Association shall jointly select an
Independent Expert who shall be a person experienced in the field of
substance abuse detection and enforcement and shall be authorized to
issue Authorizations for Testing in accordance with Section 5 below.
   (d) The Medical Director, the SPED Medical Director and the
Independent Expert shall all serve for the duration of this Agreement,
unless either the NBA or the Players Association has, by September 1 of
any year covered by this Agreement, served written notice of discharge
upon the other party and, as appropriate, the Medical Director, SPED
Medical Director and/or the Independent Expert. Such notice of
discharge shall be effective as of the immediately following September 30;
provided, however, that if the parties do not reach agreement by such
September 30 as to who shall serve thereafter as the Medical Director,
SPED Medical Director and/or the Independent Expert, as the case may
be, each party shall, by the immediately following October 15, appoint a
person who shall have no relationship to or affiliation with that party.
Such persons shall then have until the immediately following December 1
to agree on the appointment of a new Medical Director, SPED Medical
Director and/or Independent Expert. Until a new Medical Director,
SPED Medical Director and/or Independent Expert has been appointed,
the previous Medical Director, SPED Medical Director and/or
Independent Expert shall continue to serve.

