                                                         Article XXXI       395
argument or, where applicable, following the date designated by the
Grievance Arbitrator for the submission of post-argument briefs. If the
decision is dispositive, the award shall constitute full, final and complete
disposition of the Grievance, and shall be binding upon the player(s) and
Team(s) involved and the parties to this Agreement.
   (e) The procedure set forth in this Section 3 shall not be applicable to
disputes with respect to which the Expedited Procedure set forth in
Section 13 is properly invoked by either the NBA or the Players
Association; provided, however, that this Section 3(e) shall not preclude
any party from asserting, in a proceeding to which such Expedited
Procedure applies, that the Grievance should be dismissed (i) because the
Grievance Arbitrator does not have jurisdiction to hear the matter under
Section 1 above, or (ii) for the opposing party’s failure to properly initiate a
Grievance or file the Grievance on a timely basis pursuant to Section 2
above.
   (f) If a pre-hearing motion to dismiss is denied, the NBA and the
Players Association shall schedule a hearing promptly with respect to the
merits of the Grievance involved.
Section 4.    Hearings.
   (a) Upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice to the other side, the
NBA and the Players Association may arrange to have a hearing scheduled
on a date that is mutually convenient to the parties to the dispute, the
NBA, the Players Association, and the Grievance Arbitrator; provided,
however, that if the NBA and the Players Association cannot agree on a
hearing date, the Grievance Arbitrator shall set a reasonable hearing date
that follows the expiration of the thirty-day notice period. Only the NBA
and the Players Association may schedule or postpone hearings before the
Grievance Arbitrator.
   (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4(a) above, during each
Salary Cap Year covered by this Agreement, the Players Association and
the NBA shall each have the right, upon a showing of need, to have two
(2) Grievances scheduled for hearing on or after the tenth day following
service of the notice provided for by Section 4(a) above. The provisions
of this Section 4(b) shall not limit or otherwise affect the rights of the
NBA or the Players Association pursuant to Section 13 below.

