452      Article XXXIII
players solely for diagnostic purposes in order to provide satisfactory
medical care. The results of any diagnostic drug testing conducted
pursuant to the preceding sentence shall not be used for any other purpose
by the player’s Team or the NBA. If any Team is found to have tested a
player in violation of this Section 13, the NBA will impose a substantial
fine not to exceed $750,000 upon such Team pursuant to the NBA’s
Constitution and By-Laws.
    (b) The penalties set forth in this Article XXXIII shall be the exclusive
penalties to be imposed upon a player for the use, possession or
distribution of a Prohibited Substance.
    (c) No Uniform Player Contract entered into after the date hereof
shall include any term or provision that modifies, contradicts, changes, or
is inconsistent with paragraph 8 of such Contract (including any condition
or limitation on salary protection other than the standard conditions or
limitations specifically provided for in Article II, Section 4) or provides for
the testing of a player for illegal substances. Any term or provision of a
currently effective Uniform Player Contract that is inconsistent with
paragraph 8 of such Contract shall be deemed null and void only to the
extent of the inconsistency.
Section 14. Random HGH Blood Testing.
    (a) In addition to the testing procedures set forth in Section 5 above, a
player shall be required to undergo HGH Blood Testing at any time,
without prior notice to the player, no more than two (2) times each Season
and no more than one (1) time during each Off-Season. For purposes of
this Section 14, the last day of a Season for a player shall be the day before
that player’s Off-Season begins. The scheduling of testing and collection
of blood samples will be conducted according to a random player selection
procedure by a third-party organization, and neither the NBA, the Players
Association, any Team or any player will have any involvement in selecting
the players to be tested or will receive prior notice of the testing schedule;
provided, however, that it shall not be a violation of the foregoing for the
third-party organization (or a specimen collector for the same) to provide
advance notice of a scheduled collection to an NBA Team Security
Representative, so long as such notice does not identify the player(s) who
will be tested and seeks merely to facilitate access of the collector to the
testing location. HGH Blood Testing may also take place under Section 5

