2        Article I
whose Player Contracts have been terminated) in accordance with a Player
Contract (whether such payment is sent to the player directly or to a
person or entity designated by a player).
   (j)       “Contract” (see “Uniform Player Contract”).
   (k)       “Current Base Compensation” means the component of Base
Compensation other than Deferred Base Compensation.
   (l)       “Current Compensation” means the               component      of
Compensation other than Deferred Compensation.
   (m)       “Deferred Base Compensation” means the component of
Deferred Compensation other than bonuses of any kind.
   (n)       “Deferred Compensation” means the component of
Compensation for a Season that is payable to a player during the period
commencing after the May 1 following such Season, in accordance with
the rules set forth in Article VII. The determination of whether
Compensation is Deferred Compensation will be based upon the time set
by the Player Contract for the player to receive the Compensation, without
regard to whether the obligation is funded currently or secured in any
fashion.
   (o)       “Designated Rookie Scale Player” means a player with whom a
Team has, pursuant to Article II, Section 7(d) and Article VII, Section 7(b),
entered into a Designated Player Rookie Scale Extension. A Team may at
any point in time, in respect of any current or future Salary Cap Year, have
Salary included in its Team Salary in respect of a maximum of two (2)
Designated Rookie Scale Players, provided that not more than one (1) of
such Designated Rookie Scale Players may have been acquired by the
Team by assignment. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if Salary in
respect of a terminated Designated Rookie Scale Player Extension is
stretched for Salary Cap purposes in accordance with Article VII, Section
7(d)(6), the Salary in respect of such terminated player’s Extension will not
count towards the maximum of two (2) Designated Rookie Scale Players
for any Salary Cap Year that was not covered by the term of the
Extension.
   (p)       “Designated Rookie Scale Player Extension” means an
Extension of a Rookie Scale Contract entered into between a Team and its

