30      Article II
                       schedule set forth in the Contract.           Each
                       installment shall equal the amount of Base
                       Compensation that was due per pay period
                       immediately before the player’s separation until the
                       aggregate amount of the remaining Base
                       Compensation owed to the player pursuant to
                       Exhibit 2 of the Contract with respect to the
                       current season is paid in full. For purposes of this
                       subparagraph 2 only, the “current season” means
                       the period from September 1 through June 30.
                (y)    The remaining Base Compensation, if any, owed to
                       the player pursuant to Exhibit 2 of the Contract
                       shall be aggregated and paid in equal amounts per
                       year over a period equal to twice the number of
                       NBA Seasons (including any Season covered by a
                       Player Option Year) remaining on this Contract
                       following the date upon which the request for
                       waivers occurred, plus one NBA Season. For this
                       purpose, if the request for waivers is made during
                       the period from September 1 through June 30, the
                       number of NBA Seasons remaining on this
                       Contract shall not include the current season (as
                       defined in subparagraph (x) above).             The
                       rescheduled payments described above shall be paid
                       over the applicable number of NBA Seasons in
                       equal semi-monthly installments on the pay dates
                       prescribed by paragraph 3(a) of the Uniform Player
                       Contract.
   The following example is for clarity. A player has four Seasons
   remaining on his Contract with protected Base Compensation of the
   following amounts: $4 million in Season 1, $4.3 million in Season 2,
   $4.7 million in Season 3, and $5 million in Season 4. The player is
   waived on December 1 of Season 1. Under Section 4(k)(ii)(x) above,
   the player would receive the remainder of his $4 million in Base
   Compensation for Season 1 in accordance with the payment schedule
   set forth in his Contract. Under Section 4(k)(ii)(y) above, the $14
   million of protected Base Compensation remaining to be paid for
   Seasons 2 - 4 of the Contract would be paid at a rate of $2 million per

