322      Article XIV
    (c) Where, in a proceeding brought by the Players Association, it is
shown by clear and convincing evidence that during the term of this
Agreement ten (10) or more Teams have engaged in a violation or
violations of Section 1 above, causing economic injury to one or more
NBA players. In order to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
Section 15(c) and Article XXXIX, Section 3 of this Agreement:
          (i)    the proceeding must be brought by the Players Association;
                 and
          (ii)   the NBA and the System Arbitrator must be informed at
                 the outset of any such proceeding that the Players
                 Association is proceeding under this Section 15(c) for the
                 purpose of establishing its entitlement to terminate this
                 Agreement.
Section 16. Discovery.
    (a) In any of the actions described in this Article XIV, the System
Arbitrator shall grant reasonable and expedited discovery upon the
application of any party where, and to the extent, he or she determines it is
reasonable to do so. Such discovery may include the production of
documents and the taking of depositions.
    (b) Notwithstanding Section 16(a) above, the Players Association and
the NBA shall each have the right to obtain discovery upon request in any
three (3) proceedings brought under this Article XIV during the term of
this Agreement. The scope and extent of such discovery shall be
determined by the System Arbitrator.
Section 17. Time Limits.
    Any action under Section 1 above must be brought within ninety (90)
days of the time when the player knows or reasonably should have known
that he had a claim, or within ninety (90) days of the start of the NBA
Season in which a violation of Section 1 above is claimed, whichever is
later. In the absence of a System Arbitrator, the complaining party shall
file such claim for breach of this Agreement pursuant to Section 301 of the
Labor Management Relations Act in either the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York or the U.S. District Court for the District
of New Jersey. Any party alleged to have violated Section 1 shall have the

