64       Article III
                              ARTICLE III
                         PLAYER EXPENSES
Section 1.      Moving Expenses.
    (a) Moving Expenses. A Team’s obligation to reimburse a player for
“reasonable” expenses related to the assignment of a Player Contract from
one Team to another (in accordance with paragraph 10 of a Uniform
Player Contract) shall extend to the reimbursement of the actual expenses
incurred by such player in moving to the home territory of his new Team,
provided that such expenses result directly from the assignment and are
ordinary and reasonable, and provided further that, prior to his actually
incurring such expenses, the player (i) consults with the Team to which his
Contract has been assigned in advance concerning his move, and
(ii) furnishes the Team with a written estimate of such proposed expenses
from an established moving company so as to afford such assignee-Team
an opportunity to make reasonably comparable alternative arrangements
for the move of the player. The player shall furnish such written estimate
to the Team within a reasonable time following the notice of the
assignment of the Player Contract. Upon receipt of such estimate from
the player, the Team shall, within ten (10) days, either agree to reimburse
the player for the expenses set forth in such estimate or make alternative
arrangements (at the Team’s expense) for the move of the player.
“Reasonable” moving expenses shall include the cost of moving not more
than one (1) automobile for the player (and not more than two (2)
automobiles if the player is married).
    (b) Hotel Accommodations. A player whose Contract is assigned
from one Team to another shall be reimbursed by the assignee-Team for
the cost of a hotel room in a hotel (comparable to that in which such
Team’s players are lodged while “on the road”) in the assignee-Team’s
home city for up to forty-six (46) days following the assignment.
    (c) Housing Costs Reimbursement. A player whose Contract is
assigned from one Team to another shall be reimbursed by the assignee-
Team for the cost of his living quarters (either rent or mortgage expense)
in the city from which he is assigned, for a period of three months after
the date of the assignment; provided, however, that such payment shall:
(i) be made only if and to the extent that the player is legally obligated for

