                                                            Article VI    121
prohibit the discipline from being imposed or rescind the discipline that
has been imposed, as applicable. If the NBA prohibits or rescinds the
discipline, only the NBA shall thereafter be permitted to impose discipline
on the player for that act or conduct. If the NBA does not prohibit or
rescind the Team’s discipline, the Team may impose its proposed
discipline or the Team’s discipline will remain in effect, as applicable, and,
if the Team’s discipline becomes effective or remains in effect, the NBA
may not thereafter impose discipline on the player for that act or conduct.
    (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
Sections 10(a) or 10(b), (i) the same act or conduct by a player may result
in both a termination of the player’s Uniform Player Contract by his Team
and the suspension of the player by the NBA if the egregious nature of the
act or conduct is so lacking in justification as to warrant such double
penalty, and (ii) both the NBA and the Team to which a player is traded
may impose discipline for a player’s failure to report for a trade in
accordance with paragraph 10(d) of the Uniform Player Contract.
Section 11. League Investigations.
    (a) Players are required to cooperate with investigations of alleged
player misconduct conducted by the NBA. Failure to so cooperate, in the
absence of a reasonable apprehension of criminal prosecution, will subject
the player to reasonable fines and/or suspensions imposed by the NBA.
Any investigations of alleged misconduct that is covered by the Joint
NBA/NBPA Policy on Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault, and Child
Abuse shall be governed by the terms of that Policy.
    (b) Except as set forth in Section 11(c) below, the NBA shall provide
the Players Association with such advance notice as is reasonable in the
circumstances of any interview or meeting to be held (in person or by
telephone) between an NBA representative and a player under
investigation by the NBA for alleged misconduct, and shall invite a
representative of the Players Association to participate or attend. The
failure or inability of a Players Association representative to participate in
or attend the interview or meeting, however, shall not prevent the
interview or meeting from proceeding as scheduled. A willful disregard by
the NBA of its obligation to notify the Players Association as provided for
by this Section 11(b) shall bar the NBA from using as evidence against the
player in a proceeding involving such alleged misconduct any statements

