                                                          Article VII    231
reasonably deem confidential (other than such terms as may be necessary
to verify the Teams’ compliance with Section 8(a) above).
    (k) A “trade” of a player under this Agreement shall mean an
assignment of a Player Contract pursuant to a negotiated exchange
between two or more Teams following a trade conference call with the
NBA league office. For clarity, the word “trade” shall not include an
assignment of a player via the NBA’s waiver procedures.
Section 9.     Miscellaneous.
    (a) Except where this Agreement states otherwise, for purposes of any
rule in this Agreement that limits, involves counting, or otherwise relates
to, the number of Seasons covered by a Contract:
         (1) If a Player Contract or Extension is signed after the beginning
         of a Season, the Season in which the Contract or Extension is
         signed shall be counted as one (1) full Season covered by the
         Contract or Extension; and in the case of an Extension that is
         signed during the period from the end of a Season through the
         immediately following June 30, the Season immediately preceding
         the signing of the Extension (i.e., the just-completed Season) shall
         be counted as one (1) full Season covered by the Extension.
         (2) An Option Year shall be counted as one (1) Season covered
         by the Contract.
    (b) Except where this Agreement states otherwise, all of the rules in
this Agreement that limit, affect the calculation of, or otherwise relate to,
the Compensation or Salary provided for in a Player Contract shall apply
to Option Years.
Section 10. Accounting Procedures.
(a)      (1)     The NBA and the Players Association shall jointly engage
         an independent auditor (the “Accountants”) to provide the parties
         with an “Audit Report” (and a “Draft Audit Report,” and, if
         applicable, an “Interim Audit Report” and, if applicable, an
         “Interim Escrow Audit Report”) setting forth BRI, and Total
         Salaries and Benefits for the immediately preceding Salary Cap
         Year and the information called for by Section 12 below (the

