412     Article XXXII
reversal or modification shall be deemed by the parties to be retroactive to
the time of issuance of the award of the System Arbitrator. The parties
may seek appropriate relief to effectuate and enforce this provision.
   (e) The System Arbitrator shall not have jurisdiction or authority to
add to, detract from, or alter in any way the provisions of this Agreement
or any Player Contract. Nor, except for the authority conferred upon
him/her by the second sentence of Section 1 above (or unless the NBA
and the Players Association otherwise agree), shall the System Arbitrator
have jurisdiction or authority to resolve questions of substantive, as
opposed to procedural, arbitrability (which shall include the question of
whether an arbitrator provided for by the terms of this Agreement, as
opposed to the Commissioner (or his/her designee), has jurisdiction to
hear or resolve a particular dispute), which shall be determined in a judicial
proceeding to be venued in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York.
Section 4.    Costs Relating to System Arbitration.
   (a) The compensation of the System Arbitrator and the costs and
expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding brought before the
System Arbitrator shall be borne equally by the parties to this Agreement;
provided, however, that each participant in such proceeding shall bear its
own attorneys’ fees and litigation costs.
   (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4(a) above, if a matter is
scheduled for hearing under this Article XXXII, and the hearing date is
thereafter postponed at the request of either the NBA or the Players
Association, the postponement fee (if any) of the System Arbitrator will be
borne by the party requesting the postponement unless that party objects
and the System Arbitrator finds that the request for such postponement
was for good cause. Should good cause be found, the parties will share
any postponement fee equally.
Section 5.    Procedure for System Arbitration.
   All matters before the System Arbitrator shall be heard and determined
in an expedited manner, provided that such expedition is reasonable under
the circumstances. A proceeding may be commenced upon seventy-two
(72) hours’ written notice (or upon shorter notice if ordered by the System

