430      Article XXXIII
          (iv)   If the player fails to submit to a scheduled test, without a
                 reasonable explanation satisfactory to the Medical Director
                 or SPED Medical Director (for testing under the SPED
                 Program only).
          (v)    If the player attempts to substitute, dilute, or adulterate a
                 specimen sample or in any other manner alter a test result
                 (other than by testing positive for a Diuretic).
          (vi)   If the test is positive for a Diuretic, and it is confirmed by
                 laboratory analysis at any detectable level.
   (e) The NBA shall promptly notify the Players Association of any
positive test conducted by the NBA, and shall thereafter notify the player.
The Medical Director or the SPED Medical Director (as applicable) shall
promptly notify the player of any positive test conducted by the Medical
Director or SPED Medical Director (as applicable); provided, however,
that if the positive test will result in a penalty to be imposed on the player,
the Medical Director or SPED Medical Director (as applicable) shall notify
the NBA and the Players Association of the positive test result and the
NBA shall thereafter notify the player of such result and such penalty.
   (f) Any player who is notified of a positive test pursuant to Section
4(e) above may, within five (5) business days of such notification, inform
the NBA and the Players Association that he requests testing of the split or
“B” sample of his specimen. The test of the “B” sample will be performed
at a laboratory other than the laboratory that performed the test on the
original or “A” sample. Any such test shall be subject to the provisions of
this Section 4 and shall be sent to the laboratory for testing within ten (10)
business days of the player’s request.
   (g) Any positive test pursuant to Section 4(d)(i) or (vi) above shall be
reviewed by the Medical Director. Any positive test pursuant to Section
4(d)(ii) shall be reviewed by the SPED Medical Director. If the Medical
Director or SPED Medical Director (as applicable) determines, in his
professional judgment, that there is a valid alternative medical explanation
for such positive test result, then the test shall be deemed negative.
   (h) If the test result for any player is reported by the laboratory as
“invalid” or “endogenous steroids abnormally low,” the NBA shall

