                                                            Article II    59
                conditions of employment shall be reduced to writing in
                the form of a Uniform Player Contract or an amendment
                thereto as soon as practicable. Immediately upon the
                consummation of any such oral or written agreement, the
                Team shall notify the NBA by e-mail and provide the NBA
                with all economic terms of such agreement. Upon its
                receipt of an executed Uniform Player Contract, the NBA
                shall provide a copy of the same to the Players Association
                by email within two (2) business days.
         (ii)   Notwithstanding subsection (a)(i) above, neither the NBA,
                any Team, nor the Players Association, or any player, shall
                contend that any agreement concerning terms and
                conditions of employment is binding upon the player or
                the Team until a Player Contract embodying such terms
                and conditions has been duly executed by the parties.
                Nothing herein is intended to affect (A) any authority of
                the Commissioner to approve or disapprove Player
                Contracts, or (B) the effect of the Commissioner’s approval
                or disapproval on the validity of such Player Contracts.
         (iii)  A violation of the first sentence of subsection (a)(i) above
                may be considered evidence of a violation of Article XIII.
   (b) No player shall attend the regular training camp of any Team, or
participate in games or organized practices with the Team at any time,
unless he is a party to a Player Contract then in effect. For purposes of
this Section 13(b), a player shall be considered to be a party to a Player
Contract then in effect if such Contract has been extended in accordance
with an Option permitted by this Agreement.
   (c) The only form of Compensation that a Team may pay a player
under his Uniform Player Contract is cash via a check made payable to the
player or via a direct deposit made to the player’s bank account.
Compensation of any other kind is prohibited.
   (d) No Team shall make any direct or indirect payment of any money,
property, investments, loans, or anything else of value for fees or otherwise
to an agent, attorney, or representative of a player (for or in connection
with such person’s representation of such player); nor shall any Player

