A-20    Exhibit A
        (i)    The Team shall request the NBA Commissioner to request
               waivers from all other clubs. Such waiver request may not
               be withdrawn.
        (ii)   Upon receipt of the waiver request, any other NBA Team
               may claim assignment of this Contract at such waiver price
               as may be fixed by the League, the priority of claims to be
               determined in accordance with the NBA Constitution and
               By-Laws.
        (iii)  If this Contract is so claimed, the Team agrees that it shall,
               upon the assignment of this Contract to the claiming
               Team, notify the Player of such assignment as provided in
               paragraph 10(c) hereof, and the Player agrees he shall
               report to the assignee Team as provided in said paragraph
               10(c).
        (iv)   If the Contract is not claimed prior to the expiration of the
               waiver period, it shall terminate and the Team shall
               promptly deliver written notice of termination to the
               Player.
        (v)    The NBA shall promptly notify the Players Association of
               the disposition of any waiver request.
        (vi)   To the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing
               provisions of this subparagraph (f), the waiver procedures
               set forth in the NBA Constitution and By-Laws, a copy of
               which, as in effect on the date of this Contract, is attached
               hereto, shall govern.
   (g) Upon any termination of this Contract by the Player, all obligations
of the Team to pay Compensation shall cease on the date of termination,
except the obligation of the Team to pay the Player’s Compensation to
said date.
   17. DISPUTES.
   In the event of any dispute arising between the Player and the Team
relating to any matter arising under this Contract, or concerning the
performance or interpretation thereof (except for a dispute arising under

