                                                      Article XXXII       415
to this Agreement; provided, however, that each participant in an Appeals
Panel proceeding shall bear its own attorneys’ fees and litigation costs.
Section 8.     Procedure Relating to Appeals of Determination by the
               System Arbitrator.
   (a) Any party seeking to appeal (in whole or in part) an award of the
System Arbitrator must serve on the other party and file with the System
Arbitrator a notice of appeal, within ten (10) days of the date of the award
appealed from. The timely service and filing of a notice of appeal shall
automatically stay the award of the System Arbitrator pending resolution
by the Appeals Panel.
   (b) Following the timely service and filing of a notice of appeal, the
NBA and the Players Association shall attempt to agree upon a briefing
schedule. In the absence of such agreement, the briefing schedule shall be
set by the Appeals Panel; provided, however, that any party seeking to
appeal (in whole or in part) from an award of the System Arbitrator shall
be afforded no less than fifteen (15) and no more than twenty-five (25)
days from the date of the issuance of such award, or the date of the
issuance of the System Arbitrator’s written opinion, or the date upon
which the members of the Appeals Panel have been selected in accordance
with the provisions of Section 7 above, whichever is latest, to serve on the
opposing party and file with the Appeals Panel its brief in support thereof;
and provided further that the responding party or parties shall be afforded
the same aggregate amount of time to serve and file its or their responding
brief(s). The Appeals Panel shall schedule oral argument on the appeal(s)
no less than five (5) and no more than ten (10) days following the service
and filing of the responding brief(s), and shall issue a written decision
within thirty (30) days from the date of argument.
   (c) The Appeals Panel shall review the findings of fact and
conclusions of law made by the System Arbitrator using the standards of
review employed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit. The decision of the Appeals Panel shall constitute full, final, and
complete disposition of the dispute, and shall be binding upon the parties
to this Agreement and upon any player(s) or Team(s) involved.

