232 Article VII
    “Escrow Information”). The audit reports provided for by this
    Section 10(a)(1) are to be prepared in accordance with the
    provisions and definitions contained in this Agreement. The
    engagement of the Accountants shall be deemed to be renewed
    annually unless they are discharged by either party during the
    period from the submission of an Audit Report up to January 1 of
    the following year. The parties agree to share equally the costs
    incurred by the Accountants in preparing the audit reports
    provided for by this Section 10(a)(1).
    (2) The Accountants shall submit a “Draft Audit Report” for
    each Salary Cap Year to the NBA and the Players Association,
    along with relevant supporting documentation, two (2) weeks prior
    to the scheduled issuance of the final Audit Report.
    (3) The final Audit Report shall be submitted by the Accountants
    to the parties on or before the last day of the Salary Cap Year
    under audit (i.e., June 30). The audit shall begin as needed to
    ensure there is no reduction in the audit duration compared to the
    2011 CBA. The Audit Report shall not be deemed final until the
    parties have confirmed in writing their agreement (in a form
    acceptable to the parties) with such Report. The NBA, the Players
    Association and the Teams shall use their best efforts to facilitate
    the Accountants’ timely completion of the Audit Report.
    (4) In the event that, for any reason, the Accountants fail to
    submit to the parties a final Audit Report by June 30, the
    Accountants shall prepare an interim Audit Report (the “Interim
    Audit Report”) by such date setting forth the Accountants’ best
    estimate of BRI and Total Salaries and Benefits for the preceding
    Salary Cap Year and, based upon such best estimates, the Escrow
    Information. Such Interim Audit Report shall include:
    (i)     All amounts of BRI and Total Salaries and Benefits (or the
            portions thereof) and all Escrow Information (or the
            portions thereof) for such Salary Cap Year as to which the
            Accountants have completed their review and, by written
            agreement of the Players Association and the NBA
            (waiving their respective rights to dispute such amounts),
            are not in dispute.

