320      Article XIV
Agreement shall be jointly and severally liable for three (3) times the
amount of compensatory damages; and (iii) any Team found to have
committed such a violation for at least the third time during the term of
this Agreement shall, in addition, pay a fine of four million dollars
($4,000,000).
Section 10. Payment of Damages.
    In the event damages are awarded pursuant to Section 9 above, the
amount of compensatory damages shall be paid to the injured player or
players. The amount of non-compensatory damages, including any fines,
shall be paid to the Players Association, which may use it for any purpose
other than to pay it to any player who has received compensatory damages,
except that any such player may receive some portion of a non-
compensatory damage award as part of a proportional distribution to
Players Association members.
Section 11. Effect of Damages on Salary Cap.
    In the event damages are awarded pursuant to Section 9 above, the
amount of non-compensatory damages, including any fines, will not be
included in any of the computations described in Article VII above. The
amount of compensatory damages awarded will be included in such
computations.
Section 12. Contribution.
    Any Team found liable under Section 1 above shall have the right to
seek contribution from any other Team found liable for the same violation
in a proceeding before the Commissioner who shall determine what
contribution, if any, is fair and equitable.          The Commissioner’s
determination with regard to contribution shall be final and binding upon
and unappealable by any Team. A contribution determination by the
Commissioner may be appealed by the Players Association to the System
Arbitrator, except that if such a determination involves fewer than four (4)
Teams found to have committed a violation of Section 1 above and
allocates damages equally among the Teams found liable, there shall be no
appeal to the System Arbitrator. In the event of a contribution
determination by the Commissioner, the NBA shall provide the Players
Association with the data and information that the Commissioner used or

