                                                           Article VII    239
   (g) Timing. Audits conducted by the Players Association must be
noticed within ninety (90) days after issuance of the final Audit Report in
respect of the applicable Salary Cap Year. Any proposed adjustments by
the Players Association and NBA relating to Team audits (and in the case
of the Players Association, with respect to any League Office audits) will
be resolved by April 30 of the following calendar year. Each party will
provide its proposed adjustments by March 25.
Section 12. Escrow and Tax Arrangement.
   (a) Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:
        (1) “Adjustment Player” means, with respect to a Salary Cap
        Year, every current or former player included in a Team’s Team
        Salary for such Salary Cap Year, every player who is excluded from
        Team Salary pursuant to Section 4(h) above, and every Two-Way
        Player that is paid a Two-Way NBA Salary for such Salary Cap
        Year.
        (2) “Aggregate Compensation Adjustment Amount” means, with
        respect to a Salary Cap Year, the lesser of (i) the Aggregate Salaries
        and Benefits Adjustment Amount, and (ii) ten percent (10%) of
        Total Salaries for such Salary Cap Year. For purposes of clause (ii),
        Total Salaries shall be increased by the amount that is included in
        Benefits for such Salary Cap Year pursuant to Article IV, Sections
        6(g)(1) and (3).
        (3) “Aggregate Compensation Adjustment Amount Shortfall”
        means the amount by which the amount received by the NBA
        from the Escrow Agent with respect to a Salary Cap Year pursuant
        to Section 12(d)(1) below is less than the Aggregate Compensation
        Adjustment Amount for such Salary Cap Year.
        (4) “Aggregate Salaries and Benefits Adjustment Amount” means,
        with respect to a Salary Cap Year, the lesser of (i) the Overage (as
        defined in Section 12(a)(14) below) for such Salary Cap Year, and
        (ii) ten percent (10%) of Total Salaries and Benefits for such Salary
        Cap Year.

