A-26    Exhibit A
                   EXCERPT FROM NBA BY-LAWS
    5.01.        Waiver Right. Except for sales and trading between
Members in accordance with these By-Laws, no Member shall sell, option,
or otherwise assign the contract with, right to the services of, or right to
negotiate with, a Player without complying with the waiver procedure
prescribed by this Constitution and By-Laws.
    5.02.        Waiver Price. The waiver price shall be $1,000 per Player.
    5.03.        Waiver Procedure. A Member desiring to secure waivers on a
Player shall notify the Commissioner or the Commissioner’s designee, who
shall, on behalf of such Member, immediately notify all other Members of
the waiver request. Such Player shall be assumed to have been waived
unless a Member shall notify the Commissioner or the Commissioner’s
designee in accordance with Section 5.04 of a claim to the rights to such
Player.    Once a Member has notified the Commissioner or the
Commissioner’s designee of its desire to secure waivers on a Player, such
notice may not be withdrawn. A Player remains the financial responsibility
of the Member placing him on waivers until the waiver period set by the
Commissioner or the Commissioner’s designee has expired.
    5.04.        Waiver Period. If the Commissioner or the Commissioner’s
designee distributes notice of request for waiver, any Members wishing to
claim rights to the Player shall do so by giving notice by telephone and in a
Writing of such claim to the Commissioner or the Commissioner’s
designee within forty-eight (48) hours after the time of such notice. A
Team may not withdraw a claim to the rights to a Player on waivers.
Notwithstanding Article 40 of the NBA Constitution, Saturdays, Sundays
and legal holidays shall be included when computing the above-referenced
waiver period.
    5.05.        Waiver Preferences.
   (a) In the event that more than one (1) Member shall have claimed the
rights to a Player placed on waivers, the claiming Member with the lowest
team standing at the time the waiver was requested shall be entitled to
acquire the rights to such Player. If the request for waiver shall occur after
the last day of the Season and before 11:59 p.m. eastern time on the

