                                                       Article XXXIII      455
may be. If the player tests positive for a Diuretic, he shall be deemed to
have tested positive for a SPED and shall suffer the applicable
consequences set forth in Section 9 above. A player who tests positive for
a Drug of Abuse or a SPED pursuant to this Section 15(e) may have his
dismissal and disqualification or other penalty reduced or rescinded by the
Grievance Arbitrator in accordance with Section 19 below.
   (f) Nothing in this Section 15 shall limit or otherwise affect any of the
provisions of Section 5 (Reasonable Cause Testing).
Section 16. Additional Prohibited Substances and Testing Methods.
   (a) Any steroid or performance-enhancing drug that is declared illegal
during the term of this Agreement will automatically be added to the list of
Prohibited Substances as a SPED.
   (b) At any time during the term of this Agreement, either the NBA or
the Players Association may convene a meeting of the Prohibited
Substances Committee to request that a substance or substances be added
to the list of Prohibited Substances set forth on Exhibit I-2 to this
Agreement. Any such addition of a Prohibited Substance may only include
a substance that is or is reasonably likely to be physically harmful to Players
and is or is reasonably likely to be improperly performance-enhancing.
The determination of the Committee to add to the list of Prohibited
Substances shall be made by a majority vote of all five (5) Committee
members, and shall be final, binding, and unappealable.
   (c) Players will receive notice of any addition to the list of Prohibited
Substances six (6) months prior to the date on which such addition
becomes effective under this Article XXXIII.
   (d) At any time during the term of this Agreement, either the NBA or
the Players Association may convene a meeting of the Prohibited
Substances Committee to request that a testing method be added to the
Program. Pursuant to this Section 16(d), the Prohibited Substances
Committee shall have the authority to: (i) determine what testing methods
will be used to detect newly added Prohibited Substances under the
Program, if such Prohibited Substances are detected by methods not
currently used by the Program’s laboratories; and (ii) approve the use of
new testing methods for current Prohibited Substances when such

