220    Article VII
       by such Contract may, in the first Salary Cap Year covered by an
       extended term, provide for a Salary equal to one hundred seven
       and one-half percent (107.5%) of the greater of (i) the average of
       the Regular Salaries for each Salary Cap Year covered by the
       original Contract beginning with the Salary Cap Year in which such
       Contract was entered into, or previously extended, as the case may
       be, or (ii) the Regular Salary in the last Salary Cap Year covered by
       his original Contract. In the event that the last Salary Cap Year
       covered by the original term of the Contract provides for Incentive
       Compensation, the first Salary Cap Year covered by the extended
       term may provide for Likely Bonuses and Unlikely Bonuses of up
       to one hundred seven and one-half percent (107.5%) of the Likely
       Bonuses and Unlikely Bonuses, respectively, in the last Salary Cap
       Year covered by the original term. Annual increases and decreases
       in Salary and Unlikely Bonuses shall be governed by Section 5(c)(3)
       above.
   (b) Rookie Scale Extensions. No Rookie Scale Contract may be
extended except in accordance with the following:
       (1) A First Round Pick who enters into a Rookie Scale Contract
       may enter into an Extension of such Rookie Scale Contract during
       the period from 12:01 p.m. eastern time on the last day of the
       Moratorium Period through 6:00 p.m. eastern time on the day
       prior to the first day of the Regular Season of the second Option
       Year provided for in such Contract (assuming the Team exercises
       such Option).
       (2) An Extension of a Rookie Scale Contract may provide for
       Salary and Unlikely Bonuses in the first Salary Cap Year covered by
       the extended term totaling no more than the maximum amount
       provided for in Article II, Section 7. Annual increases and
       decreases in Salary and Unlikely Bonuses shall be governed by
       Section 5(c)(3) above.
       (3) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, a
       player who will not be a Qualifying Veteran Free Agent at the
       conclusion of his Rookie Scale Contract will not be eligible to enter
       into an Extension of a Rookie Scale Contract pursuant to this
       Section 7(b).

