                                                         Article XIX     331
                              ARTICLE XIX
         UNION SECURITY, DUES AND CHECK-OFF
Section 1.     Membership.
    As a condition of employment commencing with the execution of this
Agreement, for the duration of this Agreement only, and wherever legal:
(a) any active player who is or later becomes a member in good standing of
the Players Association must maintain his membership in good standing in
the Players Association; and (b) any active player (including a player in the
future) who is not a member in good standing of the Players Association
must, on the 30th day following the beginning of his employment or the
30th day following the execution of this Agreement, whichever is later,
pay, pursuant to Section 2 below or otherwise, financial core obligations to
the Players Association related to collective bargaining and the
administration of collective bargaining agreements (hereinafter referred to
as “financial core fees”).
Section 2.     Check-off.
    Commencing with the execution of this Agreement and for the duration
of this Agreement only, each Team, following its receipt of the requisite
authorization form, will check-off the initiation fee and annual dues,
assessments and financial core fees, as the case may be, in equal
installments from the first four payments made thereafter to the player
pursuant to paragraph 3(a) of the Uniform Player Contract or from such
lesser number of payments made thereafter as provided for by Exhibit 1 to
such Contract, for each player for whom a current check-off authorization
has been provided to the Team. The Team will forward the check-off
monies to the Players Association within fourteen (14) days of each check-
off. If the Team fails to do so, interest at 7% per annum, payable to the
Players Association, shall begin to accrue on such check-off monies upon
the conclusion of such 14-day period.
Section 3.     Enforcement.
    (a) Upon written notification to the NBA by the Players Association
that a player has not paid any initiation fee, dues or financial core fees in
violation of Section 1 above, the NBA will raise the matter for discussion

