                                                         Article XLI     481
marketing, and/or team coaching rotations. There will be two (2) sessions
held annually, and each session will include up to two (2) former NBA
players (based on player interest and, with respect to NBADL team
coaching apprenticeships, availability of NBADL teams willing to
participate). Participating former players in the League Office program
will receive a monthly stipend to be agreed upon by the NBA and the
Players Association. Participating former players in the NBADL team
coaching staff program will receive a monthly stipend to be agreed upon
by the NBA and the Players Association, and housing or a housing subsidy
in accordance with the NBADL housing policy.
   (b) The NBA and/or NBADL will operate an NBADL assistant
coaching program to complement the existing NBA program and provide
coaching training and experience for former NBA players. Up to fourteen
(14) total coaching spots will be made available each year at the D-League
National Tryout and Elite Mini Camp. Top performing coaches at such
events will have the opportunity to take part in other key basketball
operations events such as the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament and
the NBA Draft Combine. Participating former players will receive
reimbursement for all reasonable expenses associated with participating in
the coaching program.
   (c) The following programs will be created for former NBA players to
have access to information about job opportunities in the NBADL:
         (i)    A database will be set up so that all NBADL and NBADL
                team job openings can be shared with former NBA players
                who have expressed interest in such positions.
         (ii)   NBADL teams will attend an annual job fair held in
                connection with an NBA or NBADL event (e.g., Draft
                Combine/D-League Elite Mini Camp or D-League
                Showcase) to facilitate discussions between NBADL team
                executives and former NBA players. The NBA will use
                reasonable efforts to ensure that a representative from each
                NBADL team attends each job fair.

