                                                          Article XX    333
                              ARTICLE XX
                             SCHEDULING
Section 1.    Training Camp.
   (a) Veteran Players will not be required to attend training camp earlier
than 11 a.m. (local time) on the twenty-second day prior to the first game
of any Regular Season. On such twenty-second day, Veterans may only be
required to attend a Team dinner and Team meetings, participate in
photograph and media sessions, and submit to a physical examination.
   (b) Notwithstanding Section 1(a) above, if a Veteran Player is under
contract to a Team that is scheduled during a particular NBA Season to
participate outside North America in an Exhibition game or a Regular
Season game during the first ten (10) days of the Regular Season, such
Veteran Player may be required to attend the training camp conducted in
advance of that Regular Season by 11 a.m. (local time) on the twenty-fifth
day prior to the first game of the Regular Season.
   (c) Rookies may be required to attend training camp on a date earlier
than the date(s) specified in Sections 1(a) and 1(b) above, but no earlier
than ten (10) days prior to the date that Veterans on such Team are
required to attend.
   (d) (i)      Team training camps may be held at any location, within or
                outside the United States and Canada. The NBA shall
                oversee the arrangements made with respect to any training
                camp held outside the United States and Canada and the
                accommodations provided to participating players.
         (ii)   The NBA shall be required to notify the Players
                Association of its intention to conduct a team training
                camp outside the United States and Canada. Within three
                (3) business days of its receipt of such notification, the
                Players Association shall have the right to disapprove such
                plans, provided that such disapproval may be based solely
                on a reasonable and well-founded concern that the location
                of such training camp would be unsafe for players.

