398      Article XXXI
adverse party (or parties) and filed with the Grievance Arbitrator not later
than seven (7) calendar days after the conclusion of the hearing (unless the
parties otherwise agree).
Section 6.     Arbitrator’s Decision and Award.
   (a) Except as set forth in Section 13 below, the Grievance Arbitrator
shall render an award as soon as practicable. The award shall be
accompanied by a written opinion, or, if both the NBA and the Players
Association agree, the written opinion may follow within a reasonable time
thereafter. In no event shall the award and written opinion be issued more
than thirty (30) days following the conclusion of a Grievance hearing (or,
where applicable, following the date designated by the Grievance
Arbitrator for the submission of post-hearing briefs). The award shall
constitute full, final and complete disposition of the Grievance, and shall
be binding upon the player(s) and Team(s) involved and the parties to this
Agreement.
   (b) In addition to such other limitations as may be imposed on
him/her by this Agreement, the Grievance Arbitrator shall have
jurisdiction and authority only to: (i) interpret, apply, or determine
compliance with the provisions of this Agreement; (ii) interpret, apply or
determine compliance with the provisions of Player Contracts; (iii)
determine the validity of Player Contracts; (iv) award damages in
connection with a proceeding provided for in Section 12 below; (v) award
declaratory relief in connection with a proceeding initiated by a Team to
determine whether such Team may properly terminate a Player Contract
pursuant to paragraph 16(a) of such Contract, and what, if any, liability
such Team would incur as a result of such termination; and (vi) resolve
disputes arising under Article VII, Section 3(d)(5), Article XXII, Section 5,
Article XXVI, and Article XXXIII in the manner set forth therein.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement
or the Uniform Player Contract, the Grievance Arbitrator shall not have
jurisdiction or authority to add to, detract from, or alter in any way the
provisions of this Agreement (including the provisions of this Section 6(b))
or any Player Contract. Nor, in the absence of agreement by the NBA and
the Players Association, shall the Grievance Arbitrator have jurisdiction or
authority to resolve questions of substantive, as opposed to procedural,
arbitrability. Questions of substantive arbitrability shall include the
question of whether an arbitrator provided for by the terms of this

