                                                            Exhibit A    A-3
subparagraph shall be considered an advance against any Compensation
owed to the Player pursuant to paragraph 3(a) above, and the first
scheduled payment of such Compensation (or such subsequent payments,
if the first scheduled payment is not sufficient) shall be reduced by the
amount of such advance; except that in the case of Two-Way Players, any
Compensation paid by the Team pursuant to this subparagraph shall be
considered an advance against such player’s Two-Way NBA Salary only,
and the first scheduled payment of such Two-Way NBA Salary (or such
subsequent payments, if the first scheduled payment is not sufficient) shall
be reduced by the amount of such advance.
    (c) The Team will not pay and the Player will not accept any bonus or
anything of value on account of the Team’s winning any particular NBA
game or series of games or attaining a certain position in the standings of
the League as of a certain date, other than the final standing of the Team.
    4.   EXPENSES.
    The Team agrees to pay all proper and necessary expenses of the Player,
including the reasonable lodging expenses of the Player while playing for
the Team “on the road” and during the NBA training camp period
(defined for this paragraph only to mean the period from the first day of
training camp through the day of the Team’s first Exhibition game) for as
long as the Player is not then living at home. The Player, while “on the
road” (and during the NBA training camp period, only if the Player is not
then living at home and the Team does not pay for meals directly), shall be
paid a meal expense allowance as set forth in the CBA. No deductions
from such meal expense allowance shall be made for meals served on an
airplane. During the NBA training camp period (and only if the Player is
not then living at home and the Team does not pay for meals directly), the
meal expense allowance shall be paid in weekly installments commencing
with the first week of training camp. For the purposes of this paragraph,
the Player shall be considered to be “on the road” from the time the Team
leaves its home city until the time the Team arrives back at its home city.
    5.   CONDUCT.
    (a) The Player agrees to observe and comply with all Team rules, as
maintained or promulgated in accordance with the CBA, at all times
whether on or off the playing floor. Subject to the provisions of the CBA,

