                                                      Article XXVII     375
Association shall negotiate in good faith to agree on such supplemental
measures as are appropriate to effect such recoupment.
Section 2.     Successive Terminations.
    In the event of successive terminations by NBA Teams of Player
Contracts involving the same player, the Team first to terminate shall be
entitled to the right of set-off provided for by this Article XXVII until its
compensation liability has been eliminated in its entirety, and the right of
set-off shall then pass in order to the Team(s) terminating any subsequent
Contract(s).
Section 3.     Deferred Compensation.
    In calculating the amount of set-off to which a Team may be entitled
pursuant to this Article XXVII, the unearned Deferred Compensation
payable to a player for or with respect to a period covered by the
terminated Contract shall be discounted on an annual basis by a percentage
equal to the prime rate reported in the “Money Rates” column or any
successor column of The Wall Street Journal and in effect at the time the
agreement providing for such Deferred Compensation was made.
Section 4.     Waiver of Set-off Right.
    A Team and a player may agree in an amendment to an already-existing
Player Contract to modify or eliminate the set-off right provided in this
Article XXVII, but only pursuant to and to the extent allowed by Article
II, Section 3(l).
Section 5.     Stretched Protected Salary.
    (a) In the event (i) a Team terminates a Player Contract and the
payment of the player’s protected Compensation for any remaining Salary
Cap Year(s) under the First Contract is stretched in accordance with
Article II, Section 4(k) (the “mandatory stretch provision”), and (ii) the
player subsequently earns compensation from another professional
basketball team triggering a right of set-off under this Article XXVII, the
amount of set-off to which the First Team may be entitled shall be
calculated based on the unearned Base Compensation in respect of each
Salary Cap Year covered by the term of the First Contract as provided in
such Contract (and not with regard to how such protected Base

