                                                            Article X     281
from prohibiting or otherwise responding to violations by Teams of the
exclusive NBA rights obtained in any NBA Draft, as set forth or referred
to in this Article. Other than as specifically agreed to herein, nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be an agreement by the
Players Association to any provision of the NBA Constitution and By-
Laws.
   (c) An Early Entry player who is eligible to be selected in the next
NBA Draft pursuant to Section 1(b)(ii)(F) or (b)(ii)(G)(3) above shall be
entitled to withdraw from such Draft by providing written notice that is
received by the NBA ten (10) days prior to such Draft. A player shall not
be entitled to withdraw from more than two (2) NBA Drafts.
   (d) Any claim by a player that a Contract offered as a Required Tender
pursuant to this Article X fails to meet one or more of the criteria for a
Required Tender shall be made by written notice to the Team (with copies
sent to the NBA and the Players Association), no later than ten (10) days
after the receipt of such Contract by the Players Association. Such notice
must set forth the specific changes that the player asserts must be made to
the offered Contract in order for it to constitute a Required Tender. Upon
receipt of such notice, if the requested changes are necessary to satisfy the
requirements of a Required Tender, the Team may, within five (5) business
days, offer the player an amended Contract incorporating the requested
changes. If the Team offers such an amended Contract, the player and the
Players Association shall be precluded from asserting that such Contract
does not constitute a timely and valid Required Tender.
   (e) For purposes of this Article X, any rights afforded to “a Team that
drafts a player” shall also be afforded to any Team to which such rights are
subsequently assigned.
Section 9.     NBA Draft Combine.
   The parties shall work together to: (i) identify ways to secure full player
participation in each year’s Draft Combine for all invited players; and (ii) in
connection with this effort, improve the overall player experience at the
Combine. As part of this undertaking, the Players Association will strongly
encourage invited players to attend each year’s Draft Combine.

