236      Article VII
were not made. If the work stoppage continues for a second year, then the
NHL revenues shall be deemed to be the amount included for the prior
year.
    (i) All disputes with respect to any Interim Audit Report shall be
resolved exclusively in accordance with the procedures set forth in Article
XXXII.
Section 11. Players Association Audit Rights.
    (a) Team Audits. The Players Association shall have the right as part
of the annual review of BRI Reports to retain its own accountants (the
“Players Association’s Accountants”), at its own expense, after the
submission of each Audit Report under this Agreement, to audit the books
and records of up to ten (10) NBA teams (of its choosing) (the “First
Audit”); provided, however, that such review shall be limited to (1)
revenue items (including in respect of equity transactions subject to
Section 1(a)(13) above), and (2) expense items, in each case that appear or
should have appeared in the BRI Reports. In the event that, in the opinion
of the Players Association’s Accountants, such audit indicates
misallocations or miscategorizations of revenues or expenses (other than
with respect to matters that constituted Disputed Adjustments in
connection with the prior Audit Report) resulting in an understatement of
BRI, they shall submit to the NBA proposed adjustments to BRI
consistent with their findings. In the event that the NBA disputes such
proposed adjustments, such proposed adjustments shall be deemed to be
“Disputed Adjustments” and shall be resolved in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Article XXXII. In addition, in the event that First
Audit Disputed Adjustments in excess of $8 million are resolved in favor
of the Players Association, the Players Association shall then have the
right, that Season, to have the Players Association’s Accountants audit up
to an additional ten (10) NBA teams for the same Salary Cap Year, in
accordance with the foregoing procedures (the “Second Audit”). If, as a
result of the Second Audit, additional Disputed Adjustments in excess of
$8 million are resolved in favor of the Players Association, the Players
Association shall then have the right, that Season, to have the Players
Association’s Accountants audit all remaining NBA Teams for that Salary
Cap Year. The amount of any and all Disputed Adjustments that are
ultimately resolved in favor of the Players Association in accordance with

