                                                           Article VI    119
shall remit the amount collected by the League (plus any interest) in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 6(a) and (b) above.
Section 7.     Unlawful Violence.
   When a player is convicted of (including a plea of guilty, no contest, or
nolo contendere to) a violent felony, he shall immediately be suspended by
the NBA for a minimum of ten (10) games.
Section 8.     Counseling for Violent Misconduct.
   (a) In addition to any other rights a Team or the NBA may have by
contract or law, when the NBA and the Players Association agree that
there is reasonable cause to believe that a player has engaged in any type of
off-court violent conduct, the player will (if the NBA and the Players
Association so agree) be required to undergo a clinical evaluation by a
neutral expert and, if deemed necessary by such expert, appropriate
counseling, with such evaluation and counseling program to be developed
and supervised by the NBA and the Players Association, unless the player
has engaged in acts covered by the Joint NBA/NBPA Policy on Domestic
Violence, Sexual Assault, and Child Abuse, in which case the terms of that
Policy shall apply. For purposes of this paragraph, “violent conduct” shall
include, but not be limited to, any conduct involving the use or threat of
physical violence or the use of, or threat to use, a deadly weapon, any
conduct which could be categorized as a “hate crime,” and any conduct
involving dog fighting or animal cruelty.
   (b) Any player who is convicted of (including a plea of guilty, no
contest, or nolo contendere to) a crime involving violent conduct shall be
required to attend at least five (5) counseling sessions with a therapist or
counselor jointly selected by the NBA and the Players Association, unless
the player has engaged in acts covered by the Joint NBA/NBPA Policy on
Domestic Violence, Sexual Assault, and Child Abuse, in which case the
terms of that Policy shall apply. These sessions shall be in addition to any
discipline imposed on the player by the NBA for the conduct underlying
his conviction. The therapist or counselor who is jointly selected by the
NBA and the Players Association shall determine the total number of
counseling sessions to be attended by the player; however, in no event
shall a player be required to attend more than ten (10) sessions.

