                                                       Article XXIX       385
Association, shall be permitted to attend the meetings of and have a vote
on the NBA Competition Committee with respect to issues relating to the
NBA playing rules and officiating.
   (b) The Players Association may, on behalf of the players, submit to
the Commissioner monthly reports as to the conduct of referees, including
identifying individual referees by name. The NBA will consider, but is not
required to act, on such reports.
   (c) Upon a request from the Players Association, representatives of
the NBA Basketball Operations and Referee Operations Departments
shall meet annually with the Player Association and/or players to discuss
issues relating to NBA playing rules and officiating. The NBA will request
that representatives from the National Basketball Referees Association,
including current referees, attend any such meeting.
Section 7.     Playoffs.
   (a) The number of Teams participating in the playoffs shall equal
sixteen (16). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the NBA shall have the right
to increase the number of Teams participating in the playoffs.
   (b) Each round of the playoffs shall be played in a best-of-seven-
games format.
Section 8.     Game Tickets.
   (a) In the event that a Team provides complimentary tickets to its
players, the Team may provide up to four (4) tickets per home game and
up to two (2) tickets per road game. Teams may sell additional tickets to
players, provided that such sales shall be no less than the season ticket
holder prices for the applicable game. Seat locations for complimentary
tickets provided by a Team under this Section 8 must be in the lower bowl
of the arena and may not be on the floor (i.e., in front of the risers or
permanent bowl seating or inside the dashers) or in a luxury suite (i.e., a
private, enclosed area that is separate from the arena bowl, including, but
not limited to, traditional enclosed suites, event level (bunker) suites, and
party suites).
   (b) In the event that a Team provides complimentary tickets to its
players for road games, each player on the roster who travels with the

