410      Article XXXII
                             ARTICLE XXXII
                        SYSTEM ARBITRATION
Section 1.      Jurisdiction and Authority.
    The NBA and the Players Association shall agree upon a System
Arbitrator, who shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any and all
disputes arising under Articles I, II, VII (except as otherwise specifically
provided by Article VII, Section 3(d)(5)), VIII, X, XI, XII, XIII, XIV, XV,
XVI, XXXVII, XXXIX, and XL of this Agreement, any and all disputes
arising under Article XXVIII and Paragraph 14 of the Uniform Player
Contract regarding an Unauthorized Sponsor Promotion (as that term is
defined in Paragraph 14(c) of the Uniform Player contract), and those
disputes made subject to his jurisdiction by Sections 9 and 10 of this
Article. In addition, in the event of a disagreement between the NBA and
the Players Association, the System Arbitrator shall have exclusive
jurisdiction to determine whether the System Arbitrator, the Grievance
Arbitrator or some other arbitrator provided for by the provisions of this
Agreement has jurisdiction to hear or resolve a particular dispute.
Section 2.      Initiation.
    (a) Subject to Article XIV, Section 5, System Arbitrations may be
initiated, as set forth below, only by the NBA or the Players Association.
    (b) No party may initiate a System Arbitration until and unless it has
first discussed the matter with the other party in an attempt to settle it.
    (c) A System Arbitration must be initiated within three (3) years from
the date of the act or omission upon which the System Arbitration is
based, or within three (3) years from the date upon which such act or
omission became known or reasonably should have become known to the
party initiating the System Arbitration, whichever is later.
    (d) Either the NBA or the Players Association may initiate a System
Arbitration by serving a written notice thereof on the other party, with a
copy of such written notice to be filed with the System Arbitrator.

