338      Article XX
Section 8.     Days Off.
   (a) Each Team will provide a minimum of eighteen (18) Days Off
during each Regular Season for each of its players on dates to be
determined by the Team. A “Day Off” means a calendar day on which a
player is not required or permitted to participate in any Team directed
activities, including, but not limited to, games, practices, travel, or
promotional activities. Without limitation, Days Off shall include days that
satisfy the foregoing definition and are provided: (i) during All-Star
Weekend pursuant to Article XXI, Section 4 (only with respect to players
not participating in All-Star activities); and (ii) in locations other than the
Team’s home city (such as when the Team is “on the road”). Under no
circumstances shall a Team pressure or coerce a player into providing
services for the Team on a player’s Day Off. Nothing contained herein
shall prevent any player on his Day Off from voluntarily engaging in
individual basketball related activity at the Team’s facility or elsewhere
(including, but not limited to, individual activity with Team coaches,
trainers, or medical personnel).
   (b) A calendar day shall not fail to meet the definition of a Day Off
because the team is traveling on such day, provided the team lands at its
destination airport (or, if the team has not flown and is instead traveling by
train or bus, arrives at the final destination of such train or bus) before
1:00 a.m. on such day.
   (c) For a player whose Player Contract is a Rest-of-Season Contract,
the Team will provide a minimum number of Days Off during the Regular
Season, rounded up or down to the nearest whole Day Off, calculated by
multiplying 18 by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days
remaining in the NBA Regular Season as of the date such Rest-of-Season
Contract is entered into (including the day on which the Contract is
entered into), and the denominator of which is the total number of days of
that NBA Regular Season. Teams are not required to provide any Day Off
to a player whose Player Contract is a 10-Day Contract or Two-Way
Contract.
   (d) For a player whose Player Contract is assigned by one Team to
another Team during a Regular Season via trade or the NBA’s waiver
procedure, the assignor Team’s obligation pursuant to Article XX, Section
8(a) shall be deemed satisfied with respect to the player for such Regular
Season, and the acquiring Team will provide the player a minimum

