                                                            Article VI 117
Section 3.     Promotional Appearances.
   When a player, without proper and reasonable excuse, fails or refuses to
attend a promotional appearance required by and in accordance with
Article II, Section 8 and Paragraph 13(d) of the Uniform Player Contract,
he shall be fined $20,000.
Section 4.     Mandatory Programs.
   (a) NBA players shall be required to attend and participate in
educational and life skills programs designated as “mandatory programs”
by the NBA and the Players Association. Such “mandatory programs,”
which shall be jointly administered by the NBA and the Players
Association, shall include a Rookie Transition Program (for rookies only),
Team Awareness Meetings (which shall cover, among other things,
substance abuse awareness, HIV awareness, and gambling awareness), and
such other programs as the NBA and the Players Association shall jointly
designate as mandatory.
   (b) When a player, without proper and reasonable excuse, fails or
refuses to attend a “mandatory program,” he shall be fined $20,000 by the
NBA; provided, however, that if the player misses the Rookie Transition
Program, he shall be suspended for five (5) games.
Section 5.     Media Training, Business of Basketball and Anti-
               Gambling Training.
   (a) All players shall be required each Season to attend and participate
in one (1) media training session conducted by their Team and/or the
NBA. If a player, without proper and reasonable excuse, fails or refuses to
attend a media training session, he shall be fined $20,000.
   (b) All players shall be required to attend and participate each Season
in one (1) “business of basketball” program conducted by their Team
and/or the NBA. If a player, without proper and reasonable excuse, fails
or refuses to attend such program, he shall be fined $5,000.
   (c) All players shall be required each Season to attend and participate
in one (1) anti-gambling training session conducted by their Team and/or
the NBA. If a player, without proper and reasonable excuse, fails or

