                                                             Article II     47
                  such notice from the player, shall incorporate, or license
                  others to incorporate, such excerpt into any such content.
          (vii)   No player, without his consent, may be required to wear a
                  wireless microphone (A) for nationally-televised games,
                  more than one (1) game per month in any Regular Season
                  covered by his Contract, (B) for locally-televised games,
                  more than one (1) game per month in any Season covered
                  by his Contract, or (C) for playoff games, more than two
                  (2) games per playoff round in any Season covered by his
                  Contract.
          (viii) At the beginning of each Season, players will receive
                  written notice of the conditions and limitations set forth in
                  Section 8(b)(i)-(vii) above.
          (ix)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
                  Agreement, Player Audio shall not be used as the basis for
                  the imposition of discipline upon any player.
   (c) Each player shall be required to participate each Season, upon
request, in promotional activities for the benefit of the NBA’s television
partners, provided that such participation does not exceed one (1) hour per
player per Season and that the player is reimbursed for any reasonable
expenses he incurs in connection with such participation.
Section 9.      10-Day Contracts.
   (a) Beginning on January 5 of any NBA Season, a Team may enter
into a Player Contract (other than a Two-Way Contract) with a player for
the longer of (i) ten (10) days, or (ii) a period encompassing three (3)
games played by such Team (a “10-Day Contract”).
   (b) The Salary provided for by a 10-Day Contract shall not be less than
the Minimum Player Salary.
   (c) No Team may enter into a 10-Day Contract with the same player
more than twice during the course of any one Season. No Team may be a
party at any one time to more 10-Day Contracts than the following:

