                                                             Article X     275
    (c) For purposes of this Article X, an “international player” is a player:
(i) who has maintained a permanent residence outside of the United States
for at least the three (3) years prior to the Draft, while participating in the
game of basketball as an amateur or as a professional outside of the United
States; (ii) who has never previously enrolled in a college or university in
the United States; and (iii) who did not complete high school in the United
States.
    (d) For purposes of this Article X, a “professional basketball team not
in the NBA” means any team that pays money or compensation of any
kind – in excess of a stipend for living expenses – to a basketball player for
rendering services to such team.
Section 2.     Term and Timing of Draft Provisions.
    An NBA Draft will be held prior to the commencement of each NBA
Season covered by the term of this Agreement and, despite the expiration
of the other terms of this Agreement pursuant to Article XXXIX, prior to
the commencement of the 2024-25 NBA Season (or, if either party
exercises its option to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Article
XXXIX, prior to the commencement of the 2023-24 NBA Season). Each
such Draft will be held prior to the July 10 preceding the commencement
of the NBA Season on a date to be designated by the Commissioner.
Section 3.     Number of Choices.
    (a) The NBA Draft shall consist of two (2) rounds, with each round
consisting of the same number of selections as there will be Teams in the
NBA the following Season. Each Team shall be required to exercise any
and all draft selections in its possession during each round of the Draft.
    (b) If, pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or the NBA
Constitution and By-Laws, any Team is required to forfeit one or more
draft pick(s) in a particular NBA Draft, the number of players selected in
the applicable round of the Draft will be reduced by the number of such
forfeitures. (Thus, for example, if Team A is required to forfeit the ninth
pick in the first round of the Draft (at a time when there are thirty (30)
NBA Teams), there will only be twenty-nine (29) players selected in the
first round of such Draft.) In the event the forfeiture relates to one or
more first round picks, the Rookie Salary Scale will be adjusted as set forth

