                                                           Article III     65
such costs; and (ii) not exceed $4,500 per month. Any such payments shall
be made on a pro rata basis if a full month is not involved.
   (d) Proof of Expenses. Prior to reimbursing an assigned player as
provided in this Section, an assignee-Team may require satisfactory proof
that the player has paid the amounts for which he seeks reimbursement,
and, in the case of housing costs reimbursements, satisfactory proof that
the player is legally obligated to pay such housing costs and the amount
thereof. Upon notice to the player, the assignee-Team may, as an
alternative to reimbursement, pay the expenses incurred upon assignment
(in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section) directly to the
persons, firms, or corporations involved.
   (e) Player Obligation to Minimize Potential Liability. So as to
minimize the potential liability of NBA Teams under this Section, a player
who does not establish permanent or year-round residence in the home
city (or geographic vicinity thereof) of the Team by which he is employed
shall use his best efforts (i) to obtain a short-term lease on the living
quarters he selects, and (ii) to procure lease provisions authorizing him to
sublet such premises and/or granting such Team the option to take over
such lease in the event the Contract of such player is assigned to another
NBA Team.
Section 2.     Meal Expense Allowance.
   (a) The meal expense allowance, provided for in paragraph 4 of a
Uniform Player Contract, shall be as follows:
          (i)   For the 2017-18 Season: $129 per day.
          (ii)  For each subsequent Season of this Agreement: the
                preceding Season’s meal expense allowance amount
                adjusted for cost of living by applying to the preceding
                Season’s meal expense allowance amount the percentage
                increase (or decrease) in the national Consumer Price Index
                for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) from the June 1 through
                the May 31 immediately preceding such Season, and which
                shall be rounded off to the nearest whole dollar per day.

