238      Article VII
made in connection with a Players Association-initiated audit, an
adjustment to BRI in respect of the same item can also be made for
revenues or expenses related to the preceding Salary Cap Year, if
applicable. For example, without limitation, if, based on the audit findings,
the parties agree that a Team under-reported 2017-18 BRI by one million
dollars ($1 million), and that the same error in the same amount occurred
in 2016-17, then 2018-19 BRI would be adjusted upward by two million
dollars ($2 million).
   (e) Related Party Access. The Players Association’s Accountants
shall have access to such portions of a Related Party’s books and records
that the accountants have a well-founded basis to believe have a
meaningful impact on BRI. For purposes of the foregoing, (i) where a
team plays in an arena owned or operated by a Related Party, the Players
Association’s Accountants will have access to that Related Party arena
company’s trial balance relating to all revenues and to such other portions
of the trial balance that the Players Association’s Accountants have a well-
founded basis to believe have a meaningful impact on BRI; (ii) for other
Related Parties, information requests should fit the circumstances to
enable the Players Association’s Accountants to verify the accuracy of BRI
amounts (x) that cannot reasonably be verified through other means, and
(y) without accessing financial and business information that there is no
well-founded basis to believe have a meaningful impact on BRI; and (iii)
the NBA, Players Association, and the Team will collectively consider any
request for access to Related Party books and records while onsite and
make their best efforts to resolve the access issue.
   (f) Bilateral Adjustments. Subject to the deadlines set forth in
Section 11(g) below, the NBA may propose BRI adjustments with respect
to any Team audited by the Players Association. The NBA’s right to
propose such adjustments may not adversely affect in any way the time
and resources available to the Players Association under its audit rights. In
the event that the Players Association disputes such proposed adjustments,
such proposed adjustments shall be resolved in accordance with the
procedures set forth in Article XXXII. The amount of any and all such
proposed adjustments that are ultimately resolved in favor of the NBA in
accordance with this Section 11(f), including any adjustments made
pursuant to Section 11(d) above, shall be deducted from BRI in the Salary
Cap Year in which such resolution is reached.

