                                                           Article VI    123
Agreement and/or Article 35 of the NBA Constitution governing off-
court conduct, or (iii) Article XXXVII, Section 2 of this Agreement
governing player uniforms.
   (c) Prior to the imposition of a suspension on a player for conduct on
the playing court (as defined in Article XXXI, Section 9(c)), the player will
have the opportunity to request a telephonic meeting with the President,
League Operations, the Executive Vice President, Basketball Operations
or their designee to discuss the incident and be heard as to why a
suspension is unwarranted; provided, however, that the player must
promptly notify the NBA of his desire for such a meeting, which will be
scheduled to take place within a reasonable time period that will not
interfere with the NBA’s investigatory process and will not preclude the
NBA from issuing a suspension prior to the player’s next game. Notice to
the player of a possible suspension may be given by the NBA to the
Players Association by telephone at a telephone number or by email at an
email address to be designated in writing by the Players Association.
Notice by the player of his request for a meeting pursuant to this Section
12(c) may be provided through the Players Association on the player’s
behalf, and a representative of the Players Association may participate in
any such telephone call. The NBA will consider any information provided
during the meeting before finalizing its decision; provided, however, that
nothing contained herein will require the NBA to alter its disciplinary
decision or affect any rights the player has under Article XXXI to appeal
that decision.
Section 13. Motor Vehicles.
   At the commencement of each Season, and if the player owns or
operates any motor vehicle, the player will provide the Team with proof
that the player possesses a valid driver’s license, registration documents,
and insurance for any such vehicle. For players who sign Player Contracts
during the Season, the player will provide the Team with such information
within fourteen (14) days following the execution of his Contract. Each
player is also required to provide the Team with proof of any
modifications or additions made to this information during the Season.

