                                                     Article XXXIII       453
(Reasonable Cause Testing) and Section 9 (Steroids and Performance-
Enhancing Drugs Program) above, and Section 15 (Additional Bases for
Testing) below. (For clarity, the number of random blood tests for
Human Growth Hormone pursuant to this Section 14 shall be in addition
to the number of random urine tests for other Prohibited Substances
called for in Section 6 above.) HGH Blood Testing may occur at the same
time that players undergo random urine tests for other SPEDs, subject to
the procedures governing game-day blood testing set forth in Section 4(b)
above and Exhibit I-4 to this Agreement.
   (b) In the event that a player tests positive for a Human Growth
Hormone pursuant to this Section 14, he shall enter the SPED Program
and suffer the consequences set forth in Section 9 above.
   (c) The isoform test for HGH blood testing will be used with
corresponding decision limits issued by the World Anti-Doping Agency in
June of 2014 (the “WADA Decision Limits”) for positive test results.
(The WADA Decision Limits are 1.84 for kit 1 and 1.91 for kit 2 for male
athletes.)
Section 15. Additional Bases for Testing.
   (a) Any player who seeks treatment outside the Program for a
problem involving a Prohibited Substance shall, as directed by the NBA
(after notice to the Players Association), submit himself to an evaluation by
the Medical Director or SPED Medical Director (as applicable) and
provide (or cause to be provided) to the Medical Director or SPED
Medical Director (as applicable) such medical and treatment records as the
Medical Director or SPED Medical Director (as applicable) may request.
The Medical Director or SPED Medical Director (as applicable) may, in
his or her professional judgment, also require such a player, without prior
notice, to submit to testing for Prohibited Substances, provided that the
frequency of such testing shall not exceed three (3) times per week and the
duration of such testing shall not exceed one (1) year from the date of the
player’s initial evaluation by the Medical Director or SPED Medical
Director (as applicable).
   (b) Any player who is subject to in-patient or aftercare treatment in the
Program and is formally charged with “driving while intoxicated,” “driving
under the influence of alcohol,” or any other crime or offense involving

