394      Article XXXI
    (d) Subject to the provisions of Sections 2(a)-(c) above: (i) a player or
the Players Association may initiate a Grievance (A) against the NBA by
filing written notice thereof with the NBA, and (B) against a Team, by
filing written notice thereof with the Team and the NBA; (ii) a Team may
initiate a Grievance by filing written notice thereof with the Players
Association and furnishing copies of such notice to the player(s) involved
and to the NBA; and (iii) the NBA may initiate a Grievance by filing
written notice thereof with the Players Association and furnishing copies
of such notice to the player(s) and Team(s) involved. Any such notice
shall expressly state that the party is initiating a Grievance pursuant to
Article XXXI, Section 2.
Section 3.     Pre-Hearing Motions.
    (a) A party to a Grievance may file a pre-hearing motion with the
Grievance Arbitrator under this Section 3 if that party is seeking to have
the Grievance dismissed (i) because the Grievance Arbitrator does not
have jurisdiction to hear the matter under Section 1 above, or (ii) for the
opposing party’s failure to properly initiate a Grievance or file the
Grievance on a timely basis pursuant to Section 2 above.
    (b) Upon the filing of a motion under Section 3(a) above, the parties
will schedule a conference call with the Grievance Arbitrator for the
purposes of setting a schedule for the motion, including a date for the
opposing party’s opposition brief and a date for oral argument before the
Grievance Arbitrator. Oral argument under this Section 3(b) shall be
conducted by teleconference.
    (c) The opposing party may request a factual hearing on the motion in
its opposition brief, but cannot request a factual hearing on the underlying
merits of the Grievance. If the Grievance Arbitrator grants the request for
a factual hearing, the hearing shall comply with the requirements of
Sections 4, 5 and 6 below.
    (d) The Grievance Arbitrator shall render a decision on the motion
(including any appropriate award) as soon as practicable and the decision
shall be accompanied by a written opinion, or, if both the NBA and the
Players Association agree, the written opinion may follow within a
reasonable time thereafter. In no event shall the award and written
opinion be issued more than thirty (30) days following the date of the oral

