                                                     Article XXXII      411
Section 3.     Hearings.
   (a) The System Arbitrator shall hold hearings on alleged violations of
the Articles set forth in Section 1 above. Except as otherwise provided in
Article XI, Section 5(l) and Sections 9 and 10 below, awards issued by the
System Arbitrator shall be subject to review by the Appeals Panel, in the
manner and in accordance with the procedures set forth in Sections 3 and
8 of this Article XXXII.
   (b) The System Arbitrator shall make findings of fact and award
appropriate relief including, without limitation, damages, injunctive relief
and specific performance; provided, however, that the System Arbitrator
shall not have the authority to impose an award of punitive damages on
any party. The System Arbitrator shall render an award as soon as
practicable, and the award shall be accompanied by a written opinion.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the System Arbitrator determines that
expedition so requires, he/she shall accompany the award with a written
summary of the grounds upon which the award is based, and a full written
opinion may follow within a reasonable time thereafter. In no event shall
the award and written opinion be issued more than thirty (30) days
following the date upon which the record of a System Arbitration
proceeding is closed (or, where applicable, the date designated by the
System Arbitrator for the submission of post-hearing briefs).
   (c) The System Arbitrator shall have authority to order the production
of documents, the conduct of pre-hearing depositions, and the attendance
of witnesses at the hearing with respect to the NBA and the Players
Association, and/or any player or Team. The System Arbitrator shall have
the authority to compel the attendance of witnesses and the production of
documents at any hearing within the jurisdiction of the System Arbitrator
in accordance with the New York C.P.L.R.
   (d) An award of the System Arbitrator shall upon its issuance
constitute the full, final and complete disposition of the dispute, shall be
binding upon the parties to this Agreement and upon any player(s) or
Team(s) involved, and shall be followed by them unless (in cases where
this Agreement provides for an appeal to the Appeals Panel) a notice of
appeal is served by the appealing party upon the responding party and filed
with the System Arbitrator within ten (10) days of the date of the award of
the System Arbitrator appealed from. If and when an award of the System
Arbitrator is reversed or modified by the Appeals Panel, the effect of such

