                                                      Article XXIX     387
unsportsmanlike conduct during the course of any Exhibition, Regular
Season, and/or Playoff game.
Section 11. Limitation on Player Ownership.
   During the term of this Agreement, no NBA player may acquire or hold
a direct or indirect interest in the ownership of any NBA Team or in any
company or entity, whether privately or publicly owned, that owns any
interest in any NBA Team; provided, however, that any player may have
an ownership of publicly-traded securities constituting less than five
percent (5%) of the ownership interests in a company or entity that
directly or indirectly owns an NBA Team.
Section 12. Nondisclosure.
   The parties agree that (a) the economic terms of any individual Uniform
Player Contract entered into by a Team and a player, and (b) any
information contained in, or disclosed to the Players Association in
connection with an Audit Report, Draft Audit Report, Interim Audit
Report, Interim Escrow Audit Report, BRI Report, Escrow Schedule, or
Notice to Escrow Agent, shall not be disclosed to the media by (i) the
NBA, its Teams, or their respective employees, or (ii) the Players
Association, NBA players, or their respective employees, agents, or
representatives.
Section 13. Implementation of Agreement.
   (a) The NBA and the Players Association will use their respective best
efforts to have NBA Teams and NBA players comply with the terms and
provisions of this Agreement.
   (b) The NBA and the Players Association shall use their respective
best efforts and take all reasonable steps to cooperate to defend the
enforceability of this Agreement against any challenge thereto.
Section 14. Additional Canadian Provisions.
   (a) The bases upon which a player may be disciplined or discharged or
a Player Contract terminated, as set forth in this Agreement and/or in the
Uniform Player Contract, shall constitute just and reasonable cause within
the meaning of any applicable Canadian law or statute (federal or

