120      Article VI
    (c) Any player who, after being notified in writing by the NBA that he
is required to undergo the clinical evaluation and/or counseling program
authorized by Section 8(a) or 8(b) above, refuses or fails, without a
reasonable explanation, to attend or participate in such evaluation and
counseling program within seventy-two (72) hours following such notice,
shall be fined by the NBA in the amount of $10,000 for each day following
such seventy-two (72) hours that the player refuses or fails to participate in
such program.
Section 9.     Firearms and Other Weapons.
    (a) Whenever a player is physically present at a facility or venue
owned, operated, or being used by a Team, the NBA, or any League-
related entity, and whenever a player is traveling on any NBA-related
business, whether on behalf of the player’s Team, the NBA, or any
League-related entity, such player shall not possess a firearm of any kind or
any other deadly weapon. For purposes of the foregoing, “a facility or
venue” includes, but is not limited to: an arena; a practice facility; a Team
or League office or facility; an All-Star or NBA Playoff venue; and the site
of a promotional or charitable appearance.
    (b) At the commencement of each Season, and if the player owns or
possesses any firearm, the player will provide the Team with proof that the
player possesses a license or registration as required by law for any such
firearm. Each player is also required to provide the Team with proof of
any modifications or additions made to this information during the Season.
    (c) Any violation of Section 9(a) or Section 9(b) above shall be
considered conduct prejudicial to the NBA under Article 35(d) of the
NBA Constitution and By-Laws, and shall therefore subject the player to
discipline by the NBA in accordance with such Article.
Section 10. One Penalty.
    (a) The NBA and a Team shall not discipline a player for the same act
or conduct. The NBA’s disciplinary action will preclude or supersede
disciplinary action by any Team for the same act or conduct.
    (b) When the NBA becomes aware of any potential or actual
disciplinary action which may be or has been imposed by a Team for a
player’s act or conduct, the NBA may, within forty-eight (48) hours,

