360      Article XXII
   (d) The Wearables Committee will jointly retain such experts as it
deems necessary in order to conduct its work (e.g., to validate a wearable
device or to set cybersecurity standards), which the parties expect to
include professionals in areas such as engineering, data science, and
cybersecurity. The costs of such experts will be borne equally by the NBA
and the Players Association, and the Players Association’s share shall be
paid by the NBA and included in Player Benefits under Article IV, Section
6(k) of this Agreement.
   (e) No Team may request a player to use any Wearable unless such
device is one of the devices currently in use as set forth in Section 13(f)
below or the device and the Team’s cybersecurity standards have been
approved by the Committee pursuant to Section 13(c) above.
   (f) Teams may continue to request that, on a voluntary basis, players
use the following devices: adidas miCoach elite systems, Catapult Sports
ClearSky and Optimeye systems, Intel Curie systems, STAT Sports Viper
systems, VERT Wearable Jump Monitors, Zebra wearable tags, and
Zephyr Bioharness systems. Once the six (6) members of the Wearables
Committee have been appointed, the Committee will establish
cybersecurity standards for the storage of wearable data, and within ninety
(90) days of the Committee’s issuance of such standards, each Team using
one or more Wearable pursuant to this paragraph must confirm to the
NBA and the Players Association that it is in compliance with such
standards. By June 30, 2017, the Committee must vote on the continued
use of the devices set forth in this paragraph or determine that additional
time is needed to evaluate a particular device. If upon evaluation by the
Committee, any of the foregoing devices are reviewed and are not
approved by the Committee, Teams will be required to discontinue the use
of such Wearables.
   (g) A Team may request a player to use in practice (or otherwise not in
a game) on a voluntary basis a Wearable that has been approved by the
Committee. A player may decline to use (or discontinue use of) a
Wearable at any time. Before a Team could request that a player use an
approved Wearable, the Team shall be required to provide the player a
written, confidential explanation of: (i) what the device will measure; (ii)
what each such measurement means; and (iii) the benefits to the player in
obtaining such data.

