                                                         Article XXXIII     431
promptly notify the Players Association, and shall thereafter notify the
player. In the event of such a test result, the player shall be required to
submit to another test on a date determined by the NBA that is not more
than thirty (30) days after the date of the original test (the “Re-Test”). If
the Re-Test results in (i) a positive test for a Drug of Abuse or a positive
test under Section 4(d)(iii), (iv) or (v) above, the player shall immediately be
dismissed and disqualified from any association with the NBA or its
Teams in accordance with the provisions of Section 11(a) below; (ii) a
positive test for marijuana, the player shall suffer the applicable
consequences set forth in Section 8 below; (iii) a positive test for a SPED,
the player shall suffer the applicable consequences set forth in Section 9
below; or (iv) a positive test for a Diuretic, the player shall be deemed to
have tested positive test for a SPED and shall suffer the applicable
consequences set forth in Section 9 below. The original test will not be
counted towards the number of tests to be administered to that player for
that Season under Section 6 (Random Testing) below.
Section 5.    Reasonable Cause Testing or Hearing.
   (a) In the event that either the NBA or the Players Association has
information that gives it reasonable cause to believe that a player is
engaged in the use, possession, or distribution of a Prohibited Substance,
including information that a First-Year Player may have been engaged in
such conduct during the period beginning three (3) months prior to his
entry into the NBA, such party shall request a conference with the other
party and the Independent Expert, which shall be held within twenty-four
(24) hours or as soon thereafter as the Expert is available. Upon hearing
the information presented, the Independent Expert shall immediately
decide whether there is reasonable cause to believe that the player in
question has been engaged in the use, possession, or distribution of a
Prohibited Substance. If the Independent Expert decides that such
reasonable cause exists, the Expert shall thereupon issue an Authorization
for Testing with respect to such player.
   (b) In evaluating the information presented to him, the Independent
Expert shall use his independent judgment based upon his experience in
substance abuse detection and enforcement. The parties acknowledge that
the type of information to be presented to the Independent Expert is likely
to consist of reports of conversations with third parties of the type
generally considered by law enforcement authorities to be reliable sources,

