350      Article XXII
connection with diagnosis or treatment. For clarity, nothing in this Section
10 shall be construed to alter or limit in any way the rights of any Team or
the obligation of any player under the CBA or Uniform Player Contract,
including without limitation pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 7 of
the Uniform Player Contract.
Section 11. Fitness-to-Play.
    (a) The parties shall establish panels of physicians (each a “Fitness-to-
Play Panel”) for the purpose of determining, as set forth in this Section 11,
whether players with potentially life-threatening injuries, illnesses or other
health conditions are medically able and medically fit to practice and play
basketball in the NBA. Each Fitness-to-Play panel shall consist of one (1)
physician appointed by the NBA, one (1) physician appointed by the
Players Association, and one (1) physician appointed by agreement of the
first two (2) physicians. Each member of each panel shall: (i) be board
certified and fellowship trained in his/her field of medical expertise; (ii) be
a specialist in the subject matter of the applicable Fitness-to-Play Panel;
and (iii) have at least ten (10) years of post-fellowship clinical experience.
Each panel will operate by majority vote, including but not limited to its
fitness to play determinations. Once appointed, each physician on a
Fitness-to-Play Panel shall be included on such Panel for the duration of
this Agreement, unless either the NBA or the Players Association has, by
December 1 of any year covered by this Agreement, served written notice
to the other party that a physician has been removed from such Panel. A
party may not remove the physician that the other party appointed to a
Fitness-to-Play Panel. In the event that either party removes a physician
from a Fitness-to-Play Panel pursuant to the foregoing, such removal shall
be effective immediately, provided that, unless otherwise agreed to by the
parties, a physician will continue to serve on the Fitness-to-Play panel in
respect of any determination on a player’s injury, illness, or medical
condition that has been referred to the panel but for which the panel has
not yet issued its written determination.
    (b) On or before July 1, 2017, the NBA and the Players Association
shall form two panels (each a “Fitness-to-Play Panel”) with respect to: (i)
cardiac illnesses and conditions and (ii) blood clots and other blood
conditions and disorders. The parties shall create such additional Fitness-
to-Play Panels as are necessary to address other types of potentially life-
threatening injuries, illnesses or health conditions that may arise.

