                                                            Exhibit F     F-5
   The Policy Committee shall determine whether the player has
successfully completed his TAP, and may also issue a revised TAP at any
time. A player must receive a certification of completion from the Policy
Committee in order to conclude his treatment and the oversight of the
Policy Committee.
2. Non-Compliance
   Players are required to comply with the directives of the Policy
Committee, including with his TAP. If the Policy Committee determines
that a player has failed to comply without a reasonable explanation, it shall
notify the NBA. For the first such instance of non-compliance, the NBA
shall issue a warning to the player. If such non-compliance continues for
three additional days after the warning is issued, or for the second or any
additional instances of non-compliance as determined by the Policy
Committee, the NBA shall fine the player in the amount of $10,000 for
each day that he fails to comply. Such fines shall continue until the player
has, in the judgment of the Policy Committee, resumed full compliance.
   If the Policy Committee determines that a player has demonstrated
substantial non- compliance, without a reasonable explanation, through a
pattern of behavior that demonstrates a mindful disregard for his
treatment responsibilities, it shall notify the NBA, which shall thereupon
impose:
    a. A one-game suspension for the first instance of substantial non-
         compliance; and
    b. A suspension that is at least one game longer than his immediately-
         preceding suspension for each additional instance of substantial
         non-compliance and that shall continue until, in the judgment of
         the Policy Committee, the player resumes full compliance with its
         directives, including with his TAP.
Costs
   Any and all costs of the training, education, treatment, intervention, and
other resources described above including, but not limited to, the Policy
Committee, Expert Representatives, education and training programs,

