                                                         Article XIV    321
relied upon in making his determination. Any contribution determination
appealed by the Players Association to the System Arbitrator shall be
upheld unless it is clearly erroneous.
Section 13. No Reimbursement.
    Any damages awarded pursuant to Section 9 above must be paid by the
individual Teams found liable and those Teams may not be reimbursed or
indemnified by any other Team or the NBA, except to the extent of any
award of contribution made pursuant to Section 12 above.
Section 14. Costs.
    In any action brought for an alleged violation of Section 1 above, the
System Arbitrator shall order the payment of reasonable attorneys’ fees by
any party found to have brought such an action or to have asserted a
defense to such an action without any reasonable basis for asserting such a
claim or defense.
Section 15. Termination of Agreement.
    The Players Association shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement (pursuant to the procedure set forth in Article XXXIX, Section
3 of this Agreement), under the following circumstances:
    (a) Where there has been a finding or findings of one (1) or more
instances of a violation of Section 1 above with respect to any one NBA
Season during the term of this Agreement which, either individually or in
total, involved five (5) or more Teams and caused injury to five (5) or
more players; or
    (b) Where there has been a finding or findings of one (1) or more
instances of a violation of Section 1 above with respect to any two (2)
consecutive NBA Seasons during the term of this Agreement which, either
individually or in total, involved seven (7) or more Teams and caused
economic injury to seven (7) or more players. For purposes of this Section
15(b), a player found to have been injured by a violation of Section 1
above in each of two (2) consecutive Seasons shall be counted as an
additional player injured by such a violation for each such NBA Season; or

