                                                      Article XXXIII     423
   (o) “Program” shall mean this Anti-Drug Program, and shall include
the Drugs of Abuse Program, the Marijuana Program, and the SPED
Program.
   (p) “Prohibited Substances Committee” shall mean the committee
selected by the NBA and the Players Association in accordance with
Section 2(e) below.
   (q) “SPED” shall mean any of the steroids, performance-enhancing
drugs and masking agents listed on Exhibit I-2 to this Agreement.
   (r) “SPED Medical Director” shall mean the person selected by the
NBA and the Players Association in accordance with Section 2(b) below.
   (s) “SPED Program” shall mean the (i) testing program for SPEDs set
forth in this Article XXXIII, and (ii) the education, treatment, and
counseling program for SPEDs established by the SPED Medical Director
(after consultation with the NBA and the Players Association), which may
contain such elements—including, but not limited to, urine, blood, breath
or other testing for SPEDs and Diuretics (but not for any other Prohibited
Substance)—as may be determined by the SPED Medical Director in his
or her professional judgment.
   (t) “Tender” shall mean an offer of a Uniform Player Contract, signed
by the Team, that is either personally delivered to the player or his
representative or sent by prepaid certified, registered, or overnight mail to
the last known address of the player or his representative.
   (u) “Veteran Player” shall mean any player who is not a First-Year
Player.
Section 2.     Administration.
   (a) The NBA and the Players Association shall jointly select a Medical
Director who shall be a person experienced in the field of testing and
treatment for substance abuse. The Medical Director shall have the
responsibility, among other duties, for selecting and supervising the
Counselors and other personnel necessary for the effective implementation
of the Drugs of Abuse and Marijuana Programs, for making medical
review determinations for Prohibited Substances other than SPEDs, for
evaluating and treating players subject to such Programs, and for otherwise

