                                                 Article VII    201
(4) The determination of whether a player has suffered a
Disabling Injury or Illness shall be made by a physician designated
by the NBA, who shall review the relevant medical information
and, if the physician deems it appropriate, examine the player. The
NBA shall advise the Players Association of the determination of
its physician within one (1) business day of such determination. In
the event the Players Association disputes the NBA physician’s
determination, the parties will immediately refer the matter to a
neutral physician (to be selected by the parties at the
commencement of each Salary Cap Year) to review the relevant
medical information and, if the neutral physician deems it
appropriate, examine the player. Within three (3) business days of
receipt of such information (and examination of the player, if
requested), the neutral physician shall make a final determination,
which will be final, binding and unappealable. The cost of the
NBA physician will be borne by the NBA. The cost of the neutral
physician will be borne equally and jointly by the NBA and the
Players Association.
(5) If a Team requests an Exception pursuant to this Section 6(c),
the player with respect to whom the request is made shall
cooperate in the processing of the request, including by appearing
at the scheduled place and time for examination by the NBA-
appointed physician and, if necessary, the neutral physician. The
player shall not make any misrepresentation or fail to disclose any
relevant information in connection with the processing of the
application.
(6) Notwithstanding a Team’s receipt of an Exception in respect
of a Disabled Player pursuant to this Section 6(c), such player,
upon recovering from his injury or illness, may resume playing for
the Team. If the player resumes playing for the Team, or is traded,
prior to the Team’s use of its Exception, the Exception shall be
extinguished.
(7) The Disabled Player Exception is available only to the Team
with which the player was under Contract at the time his Disabling
Injury or Illness became known or reasonably should have become
known. In order for a Team to apply for a Disabled Player
Exception pursuant to this Section 6(c), the Disabled Player must

