280      Article X
Team and is not drafted in the Subsequent Draft (as defined in the
previous sentence), he shall become a Rookie Free Agent.
    (b) Subject to Section 5 above, if the player does thereafter play
intercollegiate basketball, then the Team that drafted him shall retain the
exclusive NBA rights to negotiate with and sign the player for the period
ending one (1) year from the date of the Draft in which the player would,
absent his becoming an Early Entry player, first have been eligible to be
selected, provided that such Team makes a Required Tender to the player
each year by the date specified in Section 4(a) above. For purposes hereof,
the Draft in which such player would, absent his becoming an Early Entry
player, first have been eligible to be selected, will be deemed the “Initial
Draft” as to that player. The next NBA Draft shall be deemed the
“Subsequent Draft” as to that player, and the rules applicable to a player
who has been drafted in a Subsequent Draft will apply.
    (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6 or in
Section 5 above, a Non-NBA Signing by an Early Entry player shall never
shorten the period of time during which such player may negotiate and
sign a Player Contract only with the Team that drafted him.
Section 7.     Assignment of Draft Rights.
    In the event that the exclusive right to negotiate with a player obtained
in any NBA Draft is assigned by a Team to another Team, in accordance
with NBA procedures, the Team to which such right has been assigned
shall have the same, but no greater, right to negotiate with and sign such
player as is possessed by the Team assigning such right, and such player
shall have the same, but no greater, obligation to the Team to which such
right has been assigned as he had to the Team assigning such right.
Section 8.     General.
    (a) The placement of a Rookie on the Armed Services List, or on any
of the other lists described in the NBA By-Laws, or on any other list
created by the NBA, shall not extend the period of exclusive negotiating
rights which a Team has to any Draft Rookie beyond the period specified
in this Agreement.
    (b) Nothing contained herein shall prevent the NBA, in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the NBA Constitution and By-Laws,

