                                                          Article VII    177
        payment to (i) any basketball team other than an NBA Team, or (ii)
        any other entity, organization, representative or person, for the
        purpose of inducing a player who is participating in the game of
        basketball as a professional outside of the United States to enter
        into a Contract with an Exhibit 10 or a Two-Way Contract or in
        connection with securing the right to enter into any such Two-Way
        Contract or Contract with an Exhibit 10 with a player.
   (f) One-Year Minimum Contracts. Except where otherwise stated
in this Agreement, the Salary of every player who signs a one-year, 10-Day
or Rest-of-Season Contract for the Minimum Player Salary applicable to
such player shall be the lesser of (1) such Minimum Player Salary, or (2) the
portion of such Minimum Player Salary that is not reimbursed out of the
League-wide benefits fund described in Article IV, Section 6(g)(2).
   (g) Insurance Premium Reimbursement. If a Team reimburses a
player for life insurance premiums pursuant to Article II, Section 4(j)(ii),
such premium reimbursement shall not be included in the computation of
the player’s Salary.
   (h) Averaging. In accordance with Article XI, Section 5(d)(iii), a
player’s Salary for each Salary Cap Year covered by his Contract shall be
deemed in certain circumstances to be the average of the aggregate Salaries
for each such Salary Cap Year.
   (i) Existing Contracts. A player’s Salary with respect to any Salary
Cap Year covered by a Contract entered into prior to the effective date of
this Agreement shall continue to be calculated in accordance with the
Salary Cap rules that were in existence at the time the Contract was entered
into except as provided in Article II, Section 6(d) and Article VIII, Section
5. In no event shall the preceding sentence apply to the calculation of
Salary with respect to any Contract, Extension (with respect to the
extended term), Renegotiation, transaction, or event entered into or
occurring on or after the effective date of this Agreement.
   (j) Existing Rookie Scale Contract Increases. Except where
otherwise stated in this Agreement, the Salary of every player whose
Compensation under his Rookie Scale Contract is increased pursuant to
Article VIII, Section 5, shall equal the greater of: (i) the player’s Salary
under his Contract prior to application of the existing Rookie Scale

