174 Article VII
    request that a jointly selected basketball expert (“Expert”)
    determine whether (i) in the case of an NBA challenge, it is very
    likely that the bonus will be earned, or (ii) in the case of a Players
    Association challenge, it is very likely that the bonus will not be
    earned. The party initiating a proceeding before the Expert shall
    carry the burden of proof. The Expert shall conduct a hearing
    within five (5) business days after the initiation of the proceeding,
    and shall render a determination within five (5) business days after
    the hearing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
    Section 3(d)(2), no party may, in connection with any proceeding
    before the Expert, refer to the facts that, absent a challenge
    pursuant to this Section 3(d)(2), a Performance Bonus would or
    would not be included in a player’s Salary pursuant to Section
    3(d)(1) above, or would be termed “Likely” or “Unlikely” pursuant
    to Article I, Section 1(gg) or (eeee). If, following an NBA
    challenge, the Expert determines that a Performance Bonus is very
    likely to be earned, the bonus shall be included in the player’s
    Salary. If, following a Players Association challenge, the Expert
    determines that a Performance Bonus is very likely not to be
    earned, the bonus shall be excluded from the player’s Salary. The
    Expert’s determination that a Performance Bonus is very likely to
    be earned or very likely not to be earned shall be final, binding and
    unappealable. The fees and costs of the Expert in connection with
    any proceeding brought pursuant to this Section 3(d)(2) shall be
    borne equally by the parties.
    (3) In the case of a Rookie or a Veteran who did not play during
    the immediately preceding Salary Cap Year who signs a Contract
    containing a Performance Bonus, or in the case of a player signed
    or acquired by an Expansion Team whose Contract contains a
    Performance Bonus to be paid as a result of, in whole or in part,
    the player’s achievement of agreed-upon benchmarks relating to
    the Team’s performance during its first Salary Cap Year, such
    Performance Bonus will be included in Salary if it is likely to be
    earned. In the event that the NBA and the Players Association
    cannot agree as to whether a Performance Bonus is likely to be
    earned, such dispute will be referred to the Expert, who will
    determine whether the bonus is likely to be earned or not likely to
    be earned. The Expert shall conduct a hearing within five (5)
    business days after the initiation of the proceeding, and shall render

