                                                         Article VII    193
   (k) Exhibit 10 Bonus. Any amounts earned by a player pursuant to
an Exhibit 10 Bonus shall be excluded from Team Salary.
   (l)  Team Salary Summaries.
        (1) The NBA shall provide the Players Association with Team
        Salary summaries and a list of current Exceptions twice a month
        during the Regular Season and once every week during the off-
        season.
        (2) In the event that the NBA fails to provide the Players
        Association with any Team Salary summary or list of Exceptions as
        provided for in Section 4(l)(1) above, the Players Association shall
        notify the NBA of such failure, and the NBA, upon receipt of such
        notice, shall as soon as reasonably possible, but in no event later
        than two (2) business days following receipt of such notice,
        provide the Players Association with any such summary or list that
        should have been provided pursuant to Section 4(l)(1) above.
Section 5.    Operation of Salary Cap.
   (a) Basic Rule. A Team’s Team Salary may not exceed the Salary Cap
at any time unless the Team is using one of the Exceptions set forth in
Section 6 below.
   (b) Room. Subject to the other provisions of this Agreement,
including without limitation Article II, Section 7, any Team with Room
may enter into a Player Contract that calls for a Salary in the first Salary
Cap Year covered by such Contract that would not exceed the Team’s
then-current Room.
   (c) Annual Salary Increases and Decreases.
        (1) The following rules apply to all Player Contracts other than
        Contracts between Qualifying Veteran Free Agents or Early
        Qualifying Veteran Free Agents and their Prior Team:
        (i)     For each Salary Cap Year covered by a Player Contract
                after the first Salary Cap Year, the player’s: (i) Salary,
                excluding Incentive Compensation, may increase or
                decrease in relation to the previous Salary Cap Year’s

