F-2      Exhibit F
serious physical or emotional harm, or sexual or other exploitation of a
child. Child abuse also includes behavior that poses an imminent risk of
such harm to a child.
Policy Committee
   The Parties shall establish a joint committee to provide education,
support, treatment, referrals, counseling, and other resources for players,
their family members, and others at risk (the “Policy Committee”). The
Policy Committee will be comprised of two representatives from the NBA
and two representatives from the NBPA (the “Party Representatives”), as
well as three independent experts with experience in domestic violence,
sexual assault, and/or child abuse (the “Expert Representatives”). All
decisions of the Policy Committee shall be made by a majority vote, unless
otherwise stated in this Policy, and shall be final, binding, and
unappealable.
   The Party Representatives shall jointly select the three Expert
Representatives to serve on the Policy Committee within 60 days of the
issuance of this Policy. There shall be at least one Expert Representative
on the Policy Committee at all times with specific expertise in each of the
three subject areas (i.e., domestic violence, sexual assault, and child abuse).
The Expert Representatives will each serve for the duration of this Policy;
provided, however, that either the NBA or the NBPA may discharge any
of them on an annual basis by serving written notice upon the Expert
Representative(s) and upon the other Party within 60 days of the
anniversary of the appointment of such person.                  If an Expert
Representative is discharged, the Party Representatives shall jointly select a
successor Expert Representative within 30 days of the notice of discharge.
   In the event that the Party Representatives are unable to agree upon and
jointly select any or all of the Expert Representatives within 60 days of the
issuance of this Policy or within 30 days of the notice of any discharge of
an Expert Representative, the following process will be implemented.
Within five days following the deadline to select the Expert
Representative(s), the Party Representatives shall exchange lists containing
the names and qualifications of three proposed Expert Representatives per
open position. Within five days following the exchange of such lists, the
Party Representatives shall jointly select from that group of individuals the

