414       Article XXXII
Arbitrations initiated (in accordance with the provisions of Section 2
above) within the thirty (30) day period preceding the service of the notice
of termination; provided, however, that a hearing with respect to System
Arbitrations referred to in this subsection (ii) must commence no later
than thirty (30) days following the end of a System Arbitrator’s term.
Section 7.      Selection of Appeals Panel.
    (a) There shall be a three-member Appeals Panel for each appeal
noticed from an award of the System Arbitrator. In the event the Players
Association and the NBA cannot agree upon the members of such a panel,
the parties will jointly request the CPR Institute (or such other
organization(s) as the parties may agree) to submit to the parties a list of
fifteen (15) attorneys (none of whom shall have, nor whose firm shall have,
represented within the past five (5) years any professional athletes; agents
or other representatives of professional athletes; labor organizations
representing athletes; sports leagues, governing bodies, or their affiliates;
sports teams or their affiliates; or owners in any professional sport). If the
parties cannot within seven (7) days from the receipt of such list agree to
the identity of the Appeals Panel from among the names on such list, they
shall meet and alternate striking one (1) name at a time from the list until
three (3) names on the list remain. The three (3) remaining names on the
list shall comprise the Appeals Panel.
    (b) Effective July 1, 2017, the members of the Appeals Panel selected
by the parties shall serve for continually renewing two-year terms unless
notice of termination is given either by the NBA or by the Players
Association. On or before June 30, 2018, and on or before each other
successive June 30 during the term of this Agreement, either party may
discharge one or more members from the Appeals Panel by serving notice
of termination on him/her on or before that date and upon the other party
to this Agreement, and the discharge shall be effective as of such June 30.
A discharged Appeals Panel member may participate in decisions rendered
by the Appeals Panel in all cases previously heard to closure of the record,
but not participate in the consideration or decision of any other cases. If a
member of the Appeals Panel is not discharged as provided above, the
member’s term will automatically be renewed for an additional year. The
compensation of the members of the Appeals Panel and the costs of
proceedings before the Appeals Panel shall be borne equally by the parties

