                                                        Article XIV      317
Section 4.    League Disclosures.
   The NBA League Office shall not knowingly communicate or disclose,
directly or indirectly, to any NBA Team that another NBA Team has
negotiated with or is negotiating with any Restricted Free Agent, unless
and until an Offer Sheet (as defined in Article XI, Section 5(b)) shall have
been given to the ROFR Team (as defined in Article XI, Section 4(a)), or
any Free Agent prior to the execution of a Player Contract with that player.
Section 5.    Enforcement of Anti-Collusion Provisions.
   (a) Any player, or the Players Association acting on behalf of a player
or players, may bring an action before the System Arbitrator alleging a
violation of Section 1 above. Issues of relief and liability shall be
determined in the same proceeding (including the amount of damages,
pursuant to Section 9 below, if any). The complaining party will bear the
burden of demonstrating by a clear preponderance of the evidence that the
challenged conduct was in violation of Section 1 above and caused
economic injury to such player(s); provided, however, that the Players
Association may, in the absence of economic injury to any player, bring an
action before the System Arbitrator claiming a violation of Section 1 above
(which must be proved by a clear preponderance of the evidence) and
seeking only declaratory relief or a direction to cease and desist from the
challenged conduct.
   (b) The provisions of this Agreement are not intended to create any
substantive rights in any party, other than as provided for herein. This
Agreement may be enforced, and any alleged violations may be remedied,
only as provided for herein.
Section 6.    Satisfaction of Burden of Proof.
   The failure by a Team or Teams to submit Offer Sheets to Restricted
Free Agents, or to make offers or sign Contracts for the playing services of
Free Agents shall not, by itself or in combination only with evidence about
the playing skills of the player(s) not receiving such offers or contracts,
satisfy the burden of proof set forth in Section 5 above. However, such
evidence may support a finding of a violation of Section 1 above, but only
in combination with other evidence that either by itself or in combination
with the evidence referred to in the immediately preceding sentence
indicates that the challenged conduct was in violation of Section 1 above

