                                                        Article XXXII        413
Arbitrator) served upon the party against whom the proceeding is brought
and filed with the System Arbitrator. All such notices and all orders and
notices issued and directed by the System Arbitrator shall be served on the
NBA, counsel for the NBA, the Players Association, counsel for the
Players Association, and any counsel appearing for individual NBA players
or individual NBA Teams. In any proceeding commenced pursuant to
Article XIV, Section 5, the Players Association (on its own behalf and/or
on behalf of a player) and the NBA (on its own behalf and/or on behalf of
a Team) shall have the right to participate.
Section 6.     Selection of System Arbitrator.
   (a) In the event that the Players Association and the NBA cannot
agree on the identity of a System Arbitrator, the parties shall jointly request
the International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (the
“CPR Institute”) (or such other organization(s) as the parties may have
agreed upon) to submit to the parties a list of eleven (11) attorneys, none
of whom shall have, nor whose firm shall have, represented within the past
five (5) years any professional athletes; agents or other representatives of
professional athletes; labor organizations representing athletes; sports
leagues, governing bodies, or their affiliates; sports teams or their affiliates;
or owners in any professional sport. If the parties cannot within seven (7)
days from the receipt of such list agree to the identity of the System
Arbitrator from among the names on such list, they shall return said list,
with up to five (5) names deleted therefrom by each party, to the CPR
Institute (or such other organization as the parties may have agreed upon),
which shall choose from the remaining name(s) on the list the identity of
the System Arbitrator.
   (b) Effective July 1, 2017, the System Arbitrator selected by the parties
shall serve for continually renewing two-year terms unless notice of
termination is given either by the NBA or by the Players Association.
Notice of termination of the System Arbitrator shall be given to the other
party, and to the System Arbitrator, during the period May 10 through
May 15 immediately preceding the end of any term. Following the giving
of such notice, a new System Arbitrator shall be selected in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Section 6(a) above. A System Arbitrator
as to whom a notice of termination has been given shall continue to have
jurisdiction only with respect to (i) System Arbitrations in which a hearing
has been commenced or scheduled for a date certain, and (ii) System

