                                                         Article XIII     311
                for services already performed pursuant to a Player
                Contract), unless the player establishes by a preponderance
                of the evidence that he was unaware of the violation.
    (c) In any proceeding before the System Arbitrator in which it is
alleged that a player agent or other person or entity acting with authority
on behalf of a player has violated Section 2 above, the System Arbitrator
shall make a specific determination with respect to such allegation. If the
System Arbitrator finds such violation and such finding, if appealed, is
affirmed by the Appeals Panel, the System Arbitrator shall refer such
finding to the Players Association, which shall accept as binding and
conclusive the finding(s) of the System Arbitrator (or, in the case of an
appeal, the Appeals Panel) that a violation of Section 2(a) or 2(b) has
occurred and shall consider such finding(s) as establishing a violation of
the Players Association’s regulations applicable to such person or entity.
The Players Association represents that it will impose such discipline as is
appropriate under the circumstances on the person or entity found to have
violated Section 2 above, and that it will promptly notify the NBA of the
discipline imposed; provided, however, that in no event shall the penalty
imposed upon a player agent found to have violated Section 2 above be
less than a one-year suspension of that player agent’s certification by the
Players Association.
    (d) In addition to the authority conferred on the Commissioner
pursuant to Sections 3(a) and 3(b) above, the Commissioner shall be
authorized to impose a fine of up to $250,000 on any Team found by the
Commissioner to have violated Section 2 above. Any fine imposed
pursuant to this Section 3(d) shall not require as a predicate any finding of,
or proceeding before, the System Arbitrator.             In the event the
Commissioner imposes such a fine, the Players Association has the right to
de novo review of the Commissioner’s finding that a Section 2 violation
occurred under the System Arbitration provisions of Article XXXII. With
respect to any fine imposed under this Section 3(d), 50% shall be payable
to the NBA and 50% shall be payable to the NBPA-Selected Charitable
Organization (as defined in Article VI, Section 6(a)).
Section 4.    Production of Tax Materials.
    In any proceeding to enforce Section 1 or 2 above, the System
Arbitrator shall have the authority, upon good cause shown, to direct any

