                                                        Article VII     237
this Section 11(a) shall be added to BRI in the Salary Cap Year in which
such resolution is reached.
    (b) League Audit. The Players Association shall have the right as part
of the annual review of BRI Reports to retain the Players Association’s
Accountants to conduct an audit, at its own expense, of the books and
records of the NBA, Properties, Media Ventures, and other League-related
entities associated with generating BRI, provided, however, that such audit
shall be limited to (1) revenue items (including in respect of equity
transactions subject to Section 1(a)(13) above) and (2) expense items,
regardless of whether such expenses exceed the applicable BRI ratio of
expenses to revenues set forth in Exhibit D, in each case that appear or
should have appeared in the BRI Report. In the event that in the opinion
of the Players Association’s Accountants, such audit indicates
misallocations or miscategorizations of revenues or expenses (other than
with respect to matters that constituted League Disputed Adjustments in
connection with the prior Audit Report) resulting in an understatement of
BRI, they shall submit proposed adjustments to the NBA consistent with
their findings. In the event that the NBA disputes such proposed
adjustments, such proposed adjustments shall be deemed to be League
Disputed Adjustments and resolved in accordance with the procedures set
forth in Article XXXII. The amount of any and all such League Disputed
Adjustments that are resolved in the Players Association’s favor shall be
included in BRI in the Salary Cap Year in which such resolution is reached.
In addition, in the event that any such League Disputed Adjustments are
resolved in the Players Association’s favor, the Accountants shall be
directed to correct such expense misallocations and/or miscategorizations
in the remaining Salary Cap Years covered by the Agreement.
    (c) Confidentiality. In connection with any audit conducted by the
Players Association pursuant to this Section 11, the Players Association
agrees to sign, and to cause its representatives to sign, a confidentiality
agreement in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit J-1. The Players
Association also agrees to sign, and to cause its representatives to sign, a
similar confidentiality agreement with respect to information obtained in
connection with the Accountants’ audit pursuant to Section 10 above.
    (d) Preceding       Salary    Cap     Year     Audit     Adjustments.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement or any release in the
annual BRI letter agreement, if upward or downward adjustments are

