438     Article XXXIII
                its Teams in accordance with the provisions of Section
                11(a) below.
         (iii)  A player in Stage 2 of the Drugs of Abuse Program shall be
                suspended during the period of his in-patient treatment and
                for at least the first six (6) months of his aftercare
                treatment. The player shall remain suspended during any
                subsequent period in which he is undergoing treatment
                that, in the professional judgment of the Medical Director,
                prevents him from rendering the playing services called for
                by his Uniform Player Contract.
         (iv)   Any subsequent use, possession, or distribution of a Drug
                of Abuse by a player in Stage 2, even if voluntarily
                disclosed, or any conduct by a player in Stage 2 that results
                in his advancing one (1) Stage in the Drugs of Abuse
                Program, shall result in the player being immediately
                dismissed and disqualified from any association with the
                NBA or any of its Teams in accordance with the provisions
                of Section 11(a) below.
   (d) Treatment and Testing Program. A player who enters the
Drugs of Abuse Program shall be required to comply with such in-patient
and aftercare program as may be prescribed and supplemented from time
to time by the Medical Director. Such program may include random
testing for Prohibited Substances other than SPEDs, and for alcohol, and
such non-testing elements as may be determined in the professional
judgment of the Medical Director.
Section 8.     Marijuana Program.
   (a) Voluntary Entry.
         (i)    A player may enter the Marijuana Program voluntarily at
                any time by Coming Forward Voluntarily; provided,
                however, that a player may not Come Forward Voluntarily
                for a problem involving the use of marijuana (A) until he
                has been selected in an NBA Draft or invited to an NBA
                training camp; (B) during any period in which an
                Authorization for Testing as to that player remains in effect

