                                                           Exhibit I-3  I-3-1
                                EXHIBIT I-3
                URINE COLLECTION PROCEDURES
   During the Season, collections for random testing will be scheduled to
occur before practices on non-game days, and before shoot-arounds and
games on game days. For random drug testing of a visiting team scheduled
at game-day shoot-arounds, tests will be scheduled to occur before the
shoot-around for that team commences, and for any tests that are not
completed by the time the visiting team bus is scheduled to leave the arena
or practice facility after the shoot-around is completed, the team will
provide alternate transportation to the team hotel for any player that must
remain at the arena or practice facility to complete the testing process and
will ensure that a Team staff member remains with the affected player(s)
and accompanies him or them back to the Team’s hotel. Random drug
tests can be scheduled to occur at any time during the Off-Season.
   When the player arrives at the collection site, the collector will ensure
that the player is positively identified through presentation of photo ID or
identification by a team representative. If the player’s identity cannot be
established, the collector shall not proceed with the collection.
   The player will be asked to select a sealed urine specimen cup. The
player will then provide his urine specimen under the direct observation of
the collector.
   The collector shall ensure that the player has provided a urine specimen
of sufficient volume for accurate testing. If such a sample cannot
immediately be provided by the player, he shall be instructed to remain at
the testing site for a reasonable period of time until he can provide such a
specimen. Once the specimen has been obtained, the player will select a
sealed specimen kit, which contains two bottles. The collector, in the
presence of the player, will pour the specimen into two bottles. One bottle
will be used as the primary or “A” specimen and the other will be used as
the split or “B” specimen. The specimen bottles will be sealed with
tamper-proof seals in the presence of the player. The seals will contain a
unique identification number that corresponds to the number on the chain
of custody form.

