                                                         Article XXII    347
Draft, be requested to submit voluntarily to an examination by the
physician(s) for an NBA Team(s), but shall not be requested to undergo
any further medical or laboratory test administered at the request of the
NBA and/or its Teams acting jointly unless such follow-up testing is
deemed necessary by an NBA-appointed physician on the basis of the
initial testing results.
Section 6.      Selection of Team Physician and Other Health Care
                Providers.
    Each Team has the sole and exclusive discretion to select any doctors,
hospitals, clinics, health consultants, or other health care providers
(“Health Care Providers”) to examine and/or treat players pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement and the Uniform Player Contract; provided,
however, no Team will engage any such Health Care Provider based
primarily on a sponsorship relationship (or lack thereof) with the Team,
and without considering the Health Care Provider’s qualifications
(including, e.g., medical experience and credentials) and the goal of
providing high quality care to all of its players.
Section 7.      Health Screenings.
    Players shall submit to reasonable screening and baseline testing (e.g.,
pursuant to NBA cardiac and concussion protocols) and, in connection
with such screening and testing, shall accurately and completely answer all
reasonable health questions (including, upon request, providing accurate
and complete medical histories).
Section 8.      Electronic Medical Records.
    The NBA will use, during the Term, an electronic medical records
system (“EMR”) that will provide a secure, searchable, centralized database
of player health information. To the extent health information disclosures
are permitted by this Agreement (including the Uniform Player Contract),
such disclosures may be made via secure systems within the EMR. In
addition, the EMR will: (i) allow for the NBA (but not the Teams) to
conduct player health and safety reviews; (ii) allow for authorized academic
researchers to access the data (on a de-identified basis) and conduct studies
designed to improve player health and broaden medical knowledge
(provided that the Players Association will be provided with notice prior to

