4       Article I
provides for Salary for the first Salary Cap Year covered by the extended
term equal to thirty percent (30%) or thirty-five percent (35%) (or such
other percentage between 30% and 35% as agreed upon by the Team and
the player) of the Salary Cap in effect during the first Season of the
extended term. Annual increases and decreases in Salary and Unlikely
Bonuses shall be governed by Article VII, Section 5(c)(3)).
   (t)       “Draft” or “NBA Draft” means the NBA’s annual draft of
Rookie basketball players.
   (u)      “Early Qualifying Veteran Free Agent” means a Veteran Free
Agent who, prior to becoming a Veteran Free Agent, played under one (1)
or more Player Contracts covering some or all of each of the two (2)
preceding Seasons, and who either played exclusively with his Prior Team
during such two (2) Seasons, or, if he played for more than one (1) Team
during such period, changed Teams only (i) by means of trade, (ii) by
means of assignment via the NBA’s waiver procedures, or (iii) by signing
with his Prior Team during the first of the two (2) Seasons.
   (v)      “Early Termination Option” (or “ETO”) means an option in
favor of a player to shorten the stated number of years covered by a Player
Contract in accordance with Article XII.
   (w)      “Effective Season” means, with respect to an Early
Termination Option, the first Season covered by the Early Termination
Option. (For example, if a Contract were to contain an Early Termination
Option exercisable following the 2021-22 Season, the Effective Season
would be the 2022-23 Season.)
   (x)      “Estimated Average Player Salary” means, for a particular
Salary Cap Year, one hundred four and one-half percent (104.5%) of the
prior Salary Cap Year’s Average Player Salary.
   (y)      “Exception” means an exception to the rule that a Team’s
Team Salary may not exceed the Salary Cap.
   (z)      “Expansion Team” means any Team that becomes a member
of the NBA through expansion following the effective date of this
Agreement and commences play during the term of this Agreement.

