408     Article XXXI
thereof) imposed by the Commissioner (or his designee) other than for
conduct on the playing court (as defined in Section 9(c) above) may be
heard and resolved by the Grievance Arbitrator only if it results in a
financial impact on the player of more than $50,000.
Section 15. Miscellaneous.
   (a) Each of the time limits set forth herein may be extended by mutual
agreement of the parties involved.
   (b) In any meeting or hearing provided for by this Article XXXI, a
player may be accompanied by a representative of the Players Association
who may participate in such meeting or hearing and represent the player.
In any such meeting or hearing, the NBA and any Team involved may
attend and be accompanied by a representative who may participate in
such meeting or hearing and represent the NBA and any such Team.
   (c) The parties recognize that a player may be subjected to disciplinary
action for just cause by his Team or by the Commissioner (or his
designee). Therefore, in Grievances regarding discipline, the issue to be
resolved shall be whether there has been just cause for the penalty
imposed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in all proceedings pursuant to
Section 9(b) above, the Grievance Arbitrator shall apply an “arbitrary and
capricious” standard of review as set forth in that Section.
   (d) Nothing contained herein shall excuse a player from prompt
compliance with any discipline imposed upon him. If discipline imposed
upon a player is determined to be improper by a final disposition under
this Article XXXI, the player shall promptly be made whole.
   (e) Nothing contained in this Article XXXI shall be deemed to limit or
impair the right of the NBA or any Team to impose discipline upon a
player(s) or to take any other action not inconsistent with the provisions of
a Player Contract or this Agreement.
   (f) Subject to Section 4(c) above, all costs of arbitration, including the
fees and expenses of the Grievance Arbitrator, and all costs of the
proceedings before the Player Discipline Arbitrator (including the fees and
expenses of the Player Discipline Arbitrator) shall be borne equally by the
parties thereto; but each party shall bear the cost of its own witnesses,
counsel, and the like.

