346      Article XXII
procured, an insurance policy covering such player’s life or any disability,
injury, illness or other health condition such player may suffer or sustain.
In addition, an NBADL team physician may furnish all relevant medical
information relating to the player to the physicians and General Manager,
coaches, and trainers of the player’s Team.
   (d) Subject to Section 4(e) below, each Team may make public medical
information relating to the players in its employ, provided that such
information relates solely to the reasons why any such player has not been
or is not rendering services as a player.
   (e) A player or his immediate family (where appropriate) shall have the
right to approve the terms and timing of any public release of medical
information relating to any injuries, illnesses or other health conditions
suffered by that player that are potentially life- or career-threatening, or
that do not arise from the player’s participation in NBA games or
practices. If a Team or the NBA requests such approval and the player or
his immediate family (where appropriate) does not provide it, then the
Team is limited to disclosing that an injury, illness or other health
condition is preventing a player from rendering services to the Team and
that the anticipated length of the player’s absence from rendering services
to the Team is unknown. Nothing in this Section 4(e) shall limit a Team
from disclosing medical information related to an injury, illness or other
health condition with respect to any player who has made medical
information available publicly that is inconsistent with the written opinion
of a Team physician.
   (f) A player is entitled access to his own medical records and the
Team shall use best efforts to provide such information on or before
forty-eight (48) business hours of a player request.
Section 5.     Draftees.
   Prior to any NBA Draft, the NBA and/or its Teams, acting jointly, may
request that persons eligible for such Draft voluntarily submit to the
administration of standardized medical or laboratory tests (other than tests
for controlled substances), and intelligence and/or personality tests, the
results of which shall be made available to any Team upon request, but
which shall be kept confidential from the public and the media. Any
person who submits to the administration of such tests may, prior to such

