                                                          Article XXII     359
Section 12. Player Care Survey.
    The NBA and the Players Association will jointly conduct a confidential
player survey once every two years to solicit the players’ input and opinion
regarding the adequacy of medical care provided by their respective
medical and training staffs and commission independent analyses of the
results of such surveys. The costs of such surveys and analyses will be
borne equally by the NBA and the Players Association, and the Players
Association’s share shall be paid by the NBA and included in Player
Benefits under Article IV, Section 6(k) of this Agreement.
Section 13. Wearables.
    (a) Immediately following the execution of this Agreement, the NBA
and the Players Association shall form a joint advisory committee (the
“Wearables Committee”) to review and approve wearable devices for use
by players. “Wearables” shall mean a device worn by an individual that
measures movement information (such as distance, velocity, acceleration,
deceleration, jumps, changes of direction, and player load calculated from
such information and/or height/weight), biometric information (such as
heart rate, heart rate variability, skin temperature, blood oxygen, hydration,
lactate, and/or glucose), or other health, fitness, and performance
information.
    (b) The Wearables Committee shall consist of three (3) representatives
appointed by the NBA and three (3) representative appointed by the
Players Association. At least one of the members appointed by each of the
NBA and the Players Association must have at least three (3) years of
experience in sports medicine (such as a physician, athletic trainer, strength
and conditioning coach, or sports scientist) in the NBA or with an NCAA
Division I collegiate basketball team. Unless otherwise agreed by the
parties, Committee members may not have an ownership or other financial
interest in any company that produces or sells any wearable device.
    (c) The Wearables Committee shall be responsible for: (i) reviewing all
requests by Teams, the NBA, or the NBPA to approve a wearable device
for use by players, with the standard being whether the wearable device
would be potentially harmful to anyone (including the player) if used as
intended, and whether the wearable’s functionality has been validated; and
(ii) setting cybersecurity standards for the storage of data collected from
Wearables.

