336     Article XX
Section 4.     Location and Scheduling of Games.
    (a) Exhibition and Regular Season games may be conducted at any
location, within or outside the United States and Canada. The NBA shall
supervise the arrangements made with respect to games conducted outside
the United States and Canada and the accommodations provided to
participating players.
    (b) Each year the NBA shall establish the schedule of Regular Season
and Playoff games in its discretion (subject to Article XXIX, Section 5),
provided that the number of days beginning on the date of the first
Regular Season game and continuing through the date of the last Regular
Season game each Season shall equal approximately (177).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Regular Season or Playoff games are
cancelled due to one or more events set forth in Article XXXIX, Section 5
(e.g., weather or natural disasters) or any other unexpected game
cancellation (e.g., due to unexpected unavailability of a Team’s arena or
transportation), the NBA may re-schedule any such cancelled game(s) in its
discretion, after consulting with the Players Association.
    (c) Prior to the NBA’s public announcement of the Regular Season
game schedule each year, the NBA shall provide the Players Association
with an initial draft of such schedule (no later than the date that such draft
is provided to all NBA teams), and the Players Association shall have an
opportunity to provide the NBA with comments (within at least as many
days as NBA teams are given by the NBA to provide such comments).
The NBA shall consider, but shall have no obligation to make any changes
in respect of, the Players Association’s comments.               The Players
Association shall keep the draft schedule confidential, including by
maintaining the confidentiality of any differences between the final
schedule publicly announced by the NBA and the draft schedule
previously received by the Players Association.
Section 5.     Holidays.
    (a) No Team will be required to play a game on December 25, unless
such game is to be telecast or cablecast nationally.
    (b) Games scheduled to be played on January 1 and Good Friday shall
not commence prior to 6 p.m. (local time), unless the Players Association
consents thereto, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The

