F-10     Exhibit F
   In cases where the Commissioner imposes a suspension, any period of
time the player spent on paid administrative leave will be credited toward
the suspension provided that the player remits to the League the applicable
portion of salary that the player received while on paid administrative
leave.
   Challenges to any disciplinary action shall be made through the
Grievance Arbitration process of the CBA.
Confidentiality
   The Parties recognize the importance of confidentiality and privacy to
the success of this Policy. Accordingly, the Parties will maintain
confidentiality throughout the investigatory, disciplinary, and treatment
process, and will take reasonable measures to protect the information
gathered pursuant to this Policy, including by any outside advisors or
experts. Any medical information obtained during the investigatory,
disciplinary, and treatment process will be kept confidential as required by
applicable law.
   At the same time, the Parties recognize that disclosure of certain
information may be necessary to further the NBA’s investigation or may
be required by law, including by court order or subpoena. Accordingly,
the Parties cannot and do not guarantee that complete confidentiality will
be maintained. The Parties also reserve the right to make notifications to
law enforcement or other appropriate authorities if either the NBA or the
NBPA becomes aware that there is a threat of imminent harm to any
individual or in cases where the victim is a child or is either mentally or
physically incapacitated. Additionally, in matters where a violation is found
and discipline is imposed, such findings and discipline may be the subject
of public statements by the NBA and/or the NBPA.
Retaliation
   Under this Policy, it is prohibited to retaliate, or threaten to retaliate,
against any individual who, in good faith, reports a potential violation of
this Policy or who honestly participates in an investigation of such a
report. It does not matter whether the investigation establishes that a
violation of the Policy occurred, as long as the report of the violation or

