                                                       Article XXXIII      457
members of the team medical staff who are required to be advised of the
prescription in order to ensure that the player is receiving proper medical
care from the team’s medical staff, and to no other person.
Section 18. Longitudinal Profile for Exogenous Testosterone.
   (a) A longitudinal profile for exogenous testosterone will be
established for each player (the “Longitudinal Profile”). The sole purpose
of the Longitudinal Profile is to assist the laboratory selected by the parties
to perform the analysis of primary specimens for urine tests under the
Program (the “Laboratory”) in determining which specimens shall be
subjected to carbon isotope ratio mass spectrometry (“IRMS”) analysis.
   (b) Players’ Longitudinal Profiles will be created pursuant to the
protocol set forth in Exhibit I-7. The three (3) tests used to create the
Longitudinal Profiles will be random tests conducted under Section 6
above, and the creation of the Longitudinal Profiles will not require any
player to undergo any testing in addition to the required random testing set
forth in Section 6 above.
   (c) Once a player’s Longitudinal Profile is established, the director of
the Laboratory will consider the player’s Baseline Values (as defined in
Exhibit I-7) in comparison to the normalized Testosterone concentration,
normalized Epitestosterone concentration or the corresponding Baseline
Testosterone/Epitestosterone ratio (collectively, the “Specimen Values”)
of the player’s subsequent urine specimens and will determine, in his or her
discretion, whether to conduct an IRMS analysis on a urine specimen. In
addition, the Laboratory will randomly select urine specimens for IRMS
analysis to ensure that such analysis is conducted on at least one (1) urine
specimen from every player during each year covered by the Program (i.e.,
from October 1 through September 30). The decision regarding whether
to conduct IRMS analysis on a urine specimen for any other reason will
remain in the discretion of the director of the Laboratory.
Section 19. No Significant Fault or Negligence By Player.
   (a) If a player proves by clear and convincing evidence that he bears
no significant fault or negligence for the presence of a Drug of Abuse or a
SPED in his test result, the Grievance Arbitrator may, in a proceeding
brought under Article XXXI of this Agreement, reduce or rescind the

