                                                           Article II     53
                Years of Service at any point during the Contract. For
                example, a player with three (3) Years of Service would not
                be eligible to sign a Two-Way Contract with a term of two
                (2) years.
         (iii)  No Team may sign or convert a player to a Two-Way
                Contract, or acquire a Two-Way Contract by means of
                assignment, if, as a result, the player would or could be
                under a Two-Way Contract for any part of more than three
                (3) Salary Cap Years with the same NBA Team. For
                example, a player who completes a two-year Two-Way
                Contract with a Team could not subsequently sign a two-
                year Two-Way Contract with that Team.
   (g) Standard NBA Contract Conversion Option. Every Two-Way
Contract shall provide the Team with an option to convert the Two-Way
Contract during its term to a Contract that is not a Two-Way Contract
(“Standard NBA Contract”) that provides for a Salary for each Salary Cap
Year equal to the player’s applicable Minimum Player Salary and a term
equal to the remainder of the original term of the Two-Way Contract
beginning on the date such option is exercised (“Standard NBA Contract
Conversion Option”). Such player’s applicable Minimum Player Salary
shall be determined in accordance with Section 6 above. The Standard
NBA Contract Conversion Option may be exercised at any point during
the period beginning on July 1 and ending just prior to the start of the
Team’s last Regular Season game in each Salary Cap Year covered by the
Two-Way Contract. Upon conversion, such Contract shall become a
Standard NBA Contract and shall no longer be governed by the provisions
of this Agreement governing Two-Way Contracts. To effectuate the
requirements set forth in the preceding sentences, every Two-Way
Contract with an Exhibit 1B must contain the following language (and
only such language) under the “Standard NBA Contract Conversion
Option” heading:
   “Team shall have the option to convert this Contract to a Standard
   NBA Contract (“Standard NBA Contract Conversion Option”).
   Team’s Standard NBA Contract Conversion Option may be exercised
   by providing written notice to Player that is either personally delivered
   to Player or his representative or sent by email or pre-paid certified,
   registered, or overnight mail to the last known address of Player or his

