                                                             Exhibit A   A-5
   (g) When the Player is fined and/or suspended by the Team or the
NBA, he shall be given notice in writing (with a copy to the Players
Association), stating the amount of the fine or the duration of the
suspension and the reasons therefor.
   6.   WITHHOLDING.
   (a) In the event the Player is fined and/or suspended by the Team or
the NBA (or, as applicable, the NBADL or an NBADL team), the Team
shall withhold the amount of the fine or, in the case of a suspension, the
amount provided in Article VI of the CBA (or, as applicable, Article XLI)
from any Current Base Compensation due or to become due to the Player
with respect to the contract year in which the conduct resulting in the fine
and/or the suspension occurred (or a subsequent contract year if the
Player has received all Current Base Compensation due to him for the then
current contract year). If, at the time the Player is fined and/or suspended,
the Current Base Compensation remaining to be paid to the Player under
this Contract is not sufficient to cover such fine and/or suspension, then
the Player agrees promptly to pay the amount directly to the Team. In no
case shall the Player permit any such fine and/or suspension to be paid on
his behalf by anyone other than himself.
   (b) Any Current Base Compensation withheld from or paid by the
Player pursuant to this paragraph 6 shall be retained by the Team or the
League, as the case may be, unless the Player contests the fine and/or
suspension by initiating a timely Grievance in accordance with the
provisions of the CBA. If such Grievance is initiated and it satisfies
Article XXXI, Section 14 of the CBA, the amount withheld from the
Player shall be placed in an interest-bearing account, pursuant to Article
XXXI, Section 10 of the CBA, pending the resolution of the Grievance.
   7.   PHYSICAL CONDITION.
   (a) The Player agrees to report at the time and place fixed by the Team
in good physical condition and to keep himself throughout each NBA
Season in good physical condition.
   (b) If the Player, in the judgment of the Team’s physician, is not in
good physical condition at the date of his first scheduled game for the
Team, or if, at the beginning of or during any Season, he fails to remain in

