52     Article II
               NBADL training camp or after the final game of the
               player’s team’s NBADL Regular Season, such day(s) will
               not count toward the 45-Day Two-Way Service Limit.
   (c) Compensation Protection.
        (i)    The maximum amount of aggregate Base Compensation
               protection for a Season in a Two-Way Contract is $50,000,
               provided that, if such Contract is signed after the first day
               of the NBA Regular Season, the maximum amount of
               aggregate Base Compensation protection for such Season
               shall be: $50,000 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of
               which is the number of days remaining in the NBA Regular
               Season as of the date such Contract is entered into, and the
               denominator of which is the total number of days of that
               NBA Regular Season.
        (ii)   If a player’s Player Contract with a Team contains
               aggregate Base Compensation protection that exceeds
               $50,000 and the Team assigns or terminates the player’s
               Contract, then, during the Salary Cap Year in which such
               assignment or termination occurs, the player shall be
               precluded from: (x) playing under an NBADL contract for
               such Team’s NBADL affiliate, and (y) entering into a Two-
               Way Contract with such Team.
   (d) Contract Term. The term of a Two-Way Contract may not
exceed two (2) Seasons in length and may not include any Option Year or
Early Termination Option.
   (e) Roster Limitations. No Team may have on its roster at any one
time more than two (2) Two-Way Players.
   (f) Eligibility. The following eligibility rules shall apply to all Two-
Way Contracts:
        (i)    No Team may sign a player to a Two-Way Contract after
               January 15 of any Season.
        (ii)   No Team may sign or convert a player to a Two-Way
               Contract if the player has or may have four (4) or more

