                                                            Article XXII    345
perform services as a Head Strength and Conditioning Coach for a Team
must, as of the hiring date, have at least three (3) years of experience as a
strength and conditioning coach since he/she first received the foregoing
certification.
Section 2.     One Surgeon.
   Each Team agrees that a player requiring the care and treatment of an
orthopedic surgeon will, so far as practicable, be referred to and treated by
one (1) orthopedic surgeon (rather than several).
Section 3.     NBA Physicians Association.
   Representatives designated by the Players Association shall participate
in meetings of the NBA Physicians Association for the purpose of
discussing matters related to the medical care and treatment of players.
Section 4.     Disclosure of Medical or Health Information.
   (a) A Team physician may disclose all relevant medical information
concerning a player to (i) the General Manager, coaches, and trainers of
the Team by which such player is employed, (ii) any entity from which any
such Team seeks to procure, or has procured, an insurance policy covering
such player’s life or any disability, injury, illness, or other health condition
such player may suffer or sustain, and (iii) subject to the terms of Section
4(d) below, the media or public on behalf of the Team.
   (b) Should it be requested in connection with the contemplated
assignment of a player’s Uniform Player Contract to one or more NBA
Teams, a Team’s physician may furnish all relevant medical information
relating to the player to (i) the physicians and General Manager, coaches,
and trainers of such other Team or Teams, and (ii) any entity from which
any such other Team seeks to procure, or has procured, an insurance
policy covering such player’s life or any disability, injury, illness or other
health condition such player may suffer or sustain.
   (c) Should a Team assign a player to the NBADL, such Team’s
physician may furnish all relevant medical information relating to the
player to (i) the physicians and General Manager, head coaches, and
trainers of the player’s NBADL team, and (ii) any entity from which the
Team, the NBADL, or the player’s NBADL team seeks to procure, or has

