462      Article XXXVI
Section 4.      Indemnity.
    The Players Association agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
NBA, its Teams and each of its and their respective past, present and
future owners (direct and indirect) acting in their capacity as Team owners,
officers, directors, trustees, employees, successors, agents, attorneys, heirs,
administrators, executors and assigns, from any and all claims of any kind
arising from or relating to (a) the Players Association’s Regulations
Governing Player Agents, and (b) the provisions of this Article, including,
without limitation, any judgments, costs and settlements, provided that the
Players Association is immediately notified of such claim in writing (and, in
no event later than five (5) days from the receipt thereof), is given the
opportunity to assume the defense thereof, and the NBA and/or its Teams
(whichever is sued) use their best efforts to defend such claim, and do not
admit liability with respect to and do not settle such claim without the
prior written consent of the Players Association.
Section 5.      Agent Lists.
    The Players Association agrees to provide the NBA League Office with
a list of (a) all agents certified under the Players Association’s Regulations
Governing Player Agents, and (b) the players represented by each such
agent. Such list shall be updated once every two (2) weeks from the day
after the NBA Finals to the first day of the next succeeding Regular Season
and shall be updated once every month at all other times.
Section 6.      Confirmation by the Players Association.
    If the NBA has reason to believe that the agent representing a player in
Contract negotiations is not a certified agent or is not the agent authorized
to represent the player, then the NBA may, at its election, request in
writing from the Players Association confirmation as to whether the agent
who represented the player in the Contract negotiations is in fact the
player’s certified representative. If within three (3) business days of the
date the Players Association receives such written request, the NBA does
not receive a written response from the Players Association stating that the
agent who represented the player is not the player’s certified representative,
then the NBA shall be free to act as if the agent is the player’s confirmed
certified representative.

