378      Article XXVIII
                            ARTICLE XXVIII
                            MEDIA RIGHTS
Section 1.     League Rights.
    The Players Association agrees that the NBA, all League- related entities
(including, but not limited to, NBA Properties, Inc. and NBA Media
Ventures, LLC) that generate BRI, and NBA Teams have the right during
and after the term of this Agreement to use, exhibit, distribute, or license
any performance by the players, under this Agreement or the Uniform
Player Contract, in any or all media, formats or forms of exhibition and
distribution, whether analog, digital or other, now known or hereafter
developed, including, but not limited to, print, tape, disc, computer file,
radio, television, motion pictures, other audio-visual and audio works,
Internet, broadband platforms, mobile platforms, applications, and other
distributions platforms (collectively, “Media”).
Section 2.     No Suit.
    The Players Association, for itself and present and future NBA players,
covenants not to sue (or finance any suit against) the NBA, all League
related entities (including NBA Properties, Inc. and NBA Media Ventures,
LLC) that generate BRI, and all NBA Teams, or, any of their respective
past, present and future owners (direct and indirect) acting in their capacity
as owners of any of the foregoing entities, officers, directors, trustees,
employees, agents, attorneys, licensees, successors, heirs, administrators,
executors and assigns, with respect to the use, exhibition, distribution, or
license, in any or all Media, of any performances by any player rendered
under this Agreement or prior collective bargaining agreements, or under
Player Contracts made pursuant thereto; provided, however, that this
Section 2 shall not apply to any Endorsement, as defined in Section 3
below, any Unauthorized Sponsor Promotion, as defined in Paragraph
14(c) of the Uniform Player Contract, or any action of the Players
Association pursuant to Section 3 (f) below.
Section 3.     Unauthorized Endorsement/Sponsor Promotion.
    (a) Section 1 above does not confer any right or authority for the
NBA, any League related entity or any NBA Team to (i) use, or authorize

