                                                           Exhibit I-4  I-4-1
                                EXHIBIT I-4
             BLOOD COLLECTION PROCEDURES
   During the Season, collections for random testing will be scheduled to
occur after practices on non-game days, and after games on game day.
Random tests can be scheduled to occur at any time during the Off-
Season.
   When the player arrives at the collection site, the collector will ensure
that the player is positively identified through presentation of photo ID or
identification by a team representative. If the player’s identity cannot be
established, the collector shall not proceed with the collection. After
check-in, the player will be advised to take a 15-minute hydration period if
immediately coming off the court.
   The player will be asked to select two blood collection kits (one as a
back-up) and another kit which will be used to transport the specimen.
Collections will be performed by blood collection specialists (who are
phlebotomists, registered and licensed nurses, medical assistants or
paramedics).
   The blood collection specialist shall collect a total of 10 ml of blood
(approximately 1 tablespoon). The player’s non-dominant arm will be used
to make the initial blood draw attempt. If the blood draw is not possible
or successful from the non-dominant arm, the dominant arm may be used.
No more than three (3) attempts will be made to draw a blood specimen.
After that, the collection will be discontinued. Upon completing the blood
draw, the blood collection specialist will ensure that the draw site is not
bleeding and bandage the site.
   The player and collector will complete the chain of custody form
(which may be in hard copy or electronic form) that documents the
handling of the specimens. Both the player and collector will sign the
chain of custody form. The two specimens will be sealed in a blood
specimen bag, and sent via an overnight delivery service to the laboratory
for testing. If a hard copy chain-of-custody form is used, it will be
included in the kit containing the two specimens that is sent by overnight

