                                                           Article XI   293
Right of First Refusal. The player’s obligation in the foregoing sentence to
give to the ROFR Team a completed Offer Sheet shall be deemed satisfied
if the Offer Sheet is given to the ROFR Team by the New Team. The
Offer Sheet must be for a Player Contract with a term of more than one
(1) season (not including any Option Year), unless the ROFR team has
tendered the player both a Qualifying Offer and a Maximum Qualifying
Offer, in which case the Offer Sheet must be for a Player Contract with a
term of more than two (2) Seasons (not including any Option Year). The
Offer Sheet cannot be for a Two-Way Contract. In order to extend an
Offer Sheet, the New Team must have Room for the player’s Player
Contract at the time the Offer Sheet is signed and must continue to have
such Room at all times while the Offer Sheet is outstanding.
    (c) The ROFR Team, upon receipt of the Offer Sheet, may exercise its
Right of First Refusal, which shall have the consequences hereinafter set
forth below in this Section 5. The ROFR Team may match an Offer Sheet
by using, as applicable, Room, a Veteran Free Agent Exception set forth in
Article VII, Section 6(b) or the Minimum Player Salary Exception. In
order to match an Offer Sheet, the ROFR Team must have, as applicable,
Room, a Veteran Free Agent Exception or Minimum Player Salary
Exception in an amount equal or greater to the Salary plus any Unlikely
Bonuses provided for in the first Salary Cap Year of the player’s Contract
at the time notice of the Team’s exercise of its Right of First Refusal is
given and must continue to have such Room or the applicable Exception
at all times the First Refusal Exercise Notice remains in effect.
    (d) The following rules shall govern the signing of an Offer Sheet by a
Restricted Free Agent who has one (1) or two (2) Years of Service:
          (i)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no
                 such Offer Sheet may provide for Salary plus Unlikely
                 Bonuses in the first Salary Cap Year totaling more than the
                 amount of the Non-Taxpayer Mid-Level Salary Exception
                 for such Salary Cap Year. Annual increases or decreases in
                 Salary and Unlikely Bonuses shall be governed by Article
                 VII, Section 5(c)(1).
          (ii)   If an Offer Sheet provides for the maximum allowable
                 amount of Salary for the first two (2) Salary Cap Years
                 pursuant to Section 5(d)(i) above, then, subject to Section

