                                                         Article XXIX     383
to the NBA Team, and (ii) Two-Way List while the Two-Way Player is
providing services to an NBADL team (or, during a period prior to the
start of NBADL training camp or after the completion of the NBADL
playoffs, while the player is not providing services to the NBA Team).
    (b) The Two-Way List shall only exist between the first day of the
NBA Regular Season and the last day of the NBA Regular Season (or, for
Teams that qualify for the playoffs, the day of the Team’s last playoff
game). For Teams that do not qualify for the playoffs, all players on the
Two-Way List of any such Team shall be transferred to the Active List on
the day following the last day of the NBA Regular Season. For Teams that
qualify for the playoffs, all players on the Two-Way List of any such Team
shall be transferred to the Active List on the day following the Team’s last
playoff game.
    (c) A Two-Way Player is not eligible to be designated on an NBA
Team’s playoff roster or participate in NBA playoff games, but is
permitted to travel and practice with the Team and remain on the Team’s
Inactive List during the NBA playoffs; provided, however, that subject to
Section 4 below, a player who was previously a Two-Way Player but who,
prior to the start of the Team’s last Regular Season game, either signs a
Standard NBA Contract in accordance with Article II, Section 11(h) or has
his Two-Way Contract converted by the Team to a Standard NBA
Contract pursuant to Article II, Section 11(g), is eligible to be designated
on an NBA Team’s playoff roster and participate in playoff games.
Section 4.    Playoff Eligibility Waiver Deadline.
    Any player (including any Two-Way Player) with respect to whom a
request for waivers has been made after March 1 is not eligible to
participate in playoff games during the then-current Season unless the
player has been acquired by a Team whose Active List is reduced to eight
(8) players due to injury or illness. For clarity, the March 1 deadline occurs
at the end of the day on March 1. Accordingly, if a waiver request is made
in respect of a player any time on or before March 1 at 11:59 p.m. eastern
time, that player will remain eligible for the playoffs.

