                                                         Article XXXI      407
Section 13. Expedited Procedure.
   (a) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a dispute arising
under Article XVII, Article XXX, or Article XXXI, Section 12 of this
Agreement, or under paragraph 15 of a Uniform Player Contract (but only
insofar as such paragraph provides), or in the event of an alleged breach by
a player of paragraph 9 of a Uniform Player Contract, the NBA or the
Players Association may request that such dispute or alleged breach be
referred immediately to the Grievance Arbitrator. In any such case, the
dispute or alleged breach shall be asserted by notice in writing or by
facsimile given to the other party or parties, the NBA, the Players
Association, and the Grievance Arbitrator.
   (b) The Grievance Arbitrator shall convene a hearing with respect to
such dispute or alleged breach at the earliest possible time, but in no event
later than twenty-four (24) hours following his receipt of such notice. If
the Grievance Arbitrator is not immediately available and the parties are
unable to agree upon another arbitrator to hear and resolve such dispute,
the parties shall select an arbitrator in accordance with the procedures set
forth in Section 7(b) above.
   (c) The award, which shall be issued not later than twenty-four (24)
hours after the conclusion of the hearing, shall be in writing and may be
issued with or without opinion. If any party desires an opinion, one shall
be issued but its issuance shall not delay compliance with or enforcement
of the award. The award shall constitute full, final and complete
disposition of the dispute or alleged breach, and shall be binding upon the
player(s) and Team(s) involved and the parties to this Agreement.
   (d) The failure of any party to attend the hearing as scheduled shall not
delay the hearing, and the Grievance Arbitrator (or an arbitrator selected in
accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 7(b) above, as the case
may be) shall be authorized to proceed to take evidence and issue an award
as though such party were present.
Section 14. Threshold Amount for Certain Grievances.
   A dispute concerning a fine or suspension (or a combination thereof)
imposed by a Team may be heard and resolved by the Grievance
Arbitrator only if it results in a financial impact on the player of more than
$5,000. A dispute concerning a fine or suspension (or a combination

