288     Article XI
   (b) No Right of First Refusal rule, practice, policy, regulation, or
agreement providing for a Right of First Refusal shall be applied to any
player as a result of that player’s entry into a player contract with (or for
otherwise playing with) any team in any professional basketball league
other than the NBA.
Section 3.     Withholding Services.
   A player who withholds playing services called for by a Player Contract
for more than thirty (30) days after the start of the last Season covered by
his Player Contract shall be deemed not to have “complet[ed] his Player
Contract by rendering the playing services called for thereunder.”
Accordingly, such a player shall not be a Veteran Free Agent and shall not
be entitled to negotiate or sign a Player Contract with any other
professional basketball team unless and until the Team for which the
player last played expressly agrees otherwise.
Section 4.     Qualifying Offers to Make Certain Players Restricted
               Free Agents.
   (a)   (i)     From the day following the Season covered by the second
                 Option Year of a First Round Pick’s Rookie Scale Contract
                 through the immediately following June 29, the player’s
                 Team may make a Qualifying Offer to the player. If such a
                 Qualifying Offer is made, then, on the July 1 following
                 such Season, the player shall become a Restricted Free
                 Agent, subject to a Right of First Refusal in favor of the
                 Team (“ROFR Team”), as set forth in Section 5 below. If
                 such a Qualifying Offer is not made, then the player shall
                 become an Unrestricted Free Agent on such July 1. If a
                 Team does not timely exercise its Option with respect to
                 the first Option Year or second Option Year of a player’s
                 Rookie Scale Contract in accordance with Article VIII, the
                 player shall, following his second or third Season (as the
                 case may be) become an Unrestricted Free Agent.
         (ii)    A Team that makes a Qualifying Offer to a player
                 following the second Option Year of his Rookie Scale
                 Contract may elect simultaneously to offer the player an
                 alternative Contract covering five (5) Seasons that provides

