                                                              Exhibit F      F-1
                                EXHIBIT F
          JOINT NBA/NBPA POLICY ON DOMESTIC
    VIOLENCE, SEXUAL ASSAULT, AND CHILD ABUSE
   Through this Policy, the National Basketball Association (“NBA”) and
the National Basketball Players Association (“NBPA”) (collectively, “the
Parties”) have agreed to work together to address domestic violence,
sexual assault, and child abuse in the NBA.
Covered Behavior
   Acts that constitute domestic violence, sexual assault, and child abuse
are prohibited at all times and regardless of where they occur.
   For purposes of this Policy, “domestic violence” includes, but is not
limited to, any actual or attempted violent act that is committed by one
party in an intimate or family relationship against another party in that
relationship. Such an act may include physical assault or battery, sexual
assault, stalking, harassment, or other forms of physical or psychological
abuse. It may also include behavior that intimidates, manipulates,
humiliates, isolates, frightens, terrorizes, coerces, threatens, injures, or
places another person in fear of bodily harm. Domestic violence can be
perpetrated by current or former spouses, current or former domestic or
same sex partners, persons who are living together or have cohabitated,
persons with children in common, persons who have or had an intimate or
dating relationship, and family members. Domestic violence can be a
single act or a pattern of behavior in a relationship.
   For purposes of this Policy, “sexual assault” includes, but is not limited
to, any actual or attempted sexual contact or act to which one party has
not consented. Lack of consent is deemed to exist when a person uses or
threatens the use of force, harassment, or any other form of coercion
against another. Lack of consent is also deemed to exist when a person is
mentally incapable of giving consent, as a result of disability,
incapacitation, intoxication, or otherwise.
   For purposes of this Policy, “child abuse” includes, but is not limited to,
any act or failure to act by a parent, caregiver, or adult that results in death,

