472     Article XLI
applicable, within forty-eight (48) hours after such notice is received by the
player.
   (b) If the player, without a reasonable excuse, does not report to the
NBADL team or NBA Team, whichever is applicable, within the time
provided in Section 2(a) above, the player may be fined and/or suspended
without pay by the NBA Team until such time as he reports. In addition,
such failure to report, without a reasonable excuse, shall constitute conduct
prejudicial to the NBA under Article 35(d) of the NBA Constitution,
subject however to the One Penalty requirement set forth in Article VI,
Section 10.
Section 3.     Travel and Relocation Expenses.
   A player’s NBA Team shall be obligated to reimburse the player for his
ordinary and reasonable expenses incurred in (a) traveling to and, when
recalled, from the NBADL team to begin and/or end any NBADL Work
Assignment or period of service on the Two-Way List (“D-League Two-
Way Service”), and (b) relocating to and, if recalled, from the NBADL
team’s home location to begin and/or end any NBADL Work Assignment
or D-League Two-Way Service, that extends beyond a period of thirty (30)
days. During any NBADL Work Assignment or D-League Two-Way
Service, the player will be provided with housing or a housing subsidy in
accordance with the NBADL housing policy.
Section 4.     Terms of NBADL Work Assignment and D-League
               Two-Way Service.
   (a) General Terms. During or in connection with any NBADL
Work Assignment or D-League Two-Way Service, and except as expressly
set forth in, or limited or modified by, this Article XLI, a player shall (i)
accept and be subject to the work requirements and conditions applicable
to NBADL players (as such requirements and conditions may change from
time to time), and (ii) continue to be subject to the terms and obligations
and entitled to the benefits and rights (including, without limitation, Years
of Service and free agency rights) of his Uniform Player Contract and this
Agreement.

