                                                           Article XLI     471
                               ARTICLE XLI
                  NBA DEVELOPMENT LEAGUE
Section 1.     NBADL Work Assignments.
   (a) An NBA Team may at any time assign a player (other than a Two-
Way Player) on its Active List or Inactive List to an NBADL team,
provided that the player (i) has either zero (0), one (1) or two (2) Years of
Service at the time of the assignment, or (ii) has more than two (2) years of
service at the time of the assignment and the player and the Players
Association consent to such assignment in writing. Upon such assignment
(“NBADL Work Assignment”), the player will be placed on the NBA
Team’s Inactive List, and shall (i) report to the NBADL team (and render
for the NBADL team such services as the player is required to render for
the NBA Team under his Uniform Player Contract and this Agreement),
and (ii) at the direction of the NBA Team, subsequently return and report
to, and resume the performance of services for, the NBA Team. An
NBADL Work Assignment commences when the player reports in-person
to the NBADL team, and ends either when the player, upon being recalled,
reports back to his NBA Team or when the NBADL season concludes.
   (b) There shall be no limit on the number of NBADL Work
Assignments given to a player. No NBA Team shall issue an NBADL
Work Assignment for the purpose of disciplining a player for misconduct
or retaliating against a player for exercising any right that he has under this
Agreement or the Uniform Player Contract.
   (c) The NBA may establish reasonable rules regarding the assignment
and recall of players to the NBADL provided that such rules do not violate
the provisions of this Article XLI.
Section 2.     Reporting Requirements for NBADL Work
               Assignments.
   (a) In order to initiate an NBADL Work Assignment or terminate
such assignment and recall the player, the NBA Team shall provide the
player, the NBA, and the Players Association with written notice. The
player shall report to the NBADL team or NBA Team, whichever is

