                                                             Exhibit A    A-9
    9.   UNIQUE SKILLS.
    The Player represents and agrees that he has extraordinary and unique
skill and ability as a basketball player, that the services to be rendered by
him hereunder cannot be replaced or the loss thereof adequately
compensated for in money damages, and that any breach by the Player of
this Contract will cause irreparable injury to the Team, and to its assignees.
Therefore, it is agreed that in the event it is alleged by the Team that the
Player is playing, attempting or threatening to play, or negotiating for the
purpose of playing, during the term of this Contract, for any other person,
firm, entity, or organization, the Team and its assignees (in addition to any
other remedies that may be available to them judicially or by way of
arbitration) shall have the right to obtain from any court or arbitrator
having jurisdiction such equitable relief as may be appropriate, including a
decree enjoining the Player from any further such breach of this Contract,
and enjoining the Player from playing basketball for any other person,
firm, entity, or organization during the term of this Contract. The Player
agrees that this right may be enforced by the Team or the NBA. In any
suit, action, or arbitration proceeding brought to obtain such equitable
relief, the Player does hereby waive his right, if any, to trial by jury, and
does hereby waive his right, if any, to interpose any counterclaim or set-off
for any cause whatever.
    10. ASSIGNMENT.
    (a) The Team shall have the right to assign this Contract to any other
NBA Team, and the Player agrees to accept such assignment and to
faithfully perform and carry out this Contract with the same force and
effect as if it had been entered into by the Player with the assignee Team
instead of with the Team.
    (b) In the event that this Contract is assigned to any other NBA Team,
all reasonable expenses incurred by the Player in moving himself and his
family to the home territory of the Team to which such assignment is
made, as a result thereof, shall be paid by the assignee Team.
    (c) In the event that this Contract is assigned to another NBA Team,
the Player (or his agent) shall forthwith be provided notice of such
assignment by phone or email. With respect to an assignment by trade,
notice of the trade must be provided to the Player (or his agent) by phone

