                                                            Article VII    213
                  Base Compensation that is not fully-protected for lack of
                  skill and injury or illness at the time of the trade for the
                  subsequent Salary Cap Year)).
        (6) The foregoing rules in this Section 6(j) shall not apply to Two-
        Way Players. Accordingly, for example, a Traded Player Exception
        will not arise from trading a Two-Way Player.
   (k) Reinstatement. If a player has been dismissed and disqualified
from further association with the NBA and subsequently reinstated
pursuant to Article XXXIII (Anti-Drug Agreement), the Team for which
the player last played may enter into a Player Contract with such player in
accordance with the applicable rules set forth in Article XXXIII, Section
12(f) or (g), even if the Team has a Team Salary at or above the Salary Cap
or such Player Contract causes the Team to have a Team Salary above the
Salary Cap. If, in accordance with the preceding sentence, a Team and a
player enter into a Player Contract and such Contract covers more than
one (1) Season, annual increases and decreases in Salary and Unlikely
Bonuses shall be governed by Section 5(c)(1) above.
   (l) Non-Aggregation. Other than in accordance with Section 6(j)
above, a Team may not aggregate or combine any of the Exceptions set
forth above in order to sign or acquire one (1) or more players at Salaries
greater than that permitted by any one of the Exceptions. If a Team has
more than one (1) Exception available at the same time, the Team shall
have the right to choose which Exception it wishes to use to sign or
acquire a player.
   (m) Other Rules.
        (1) A Team shall be entitled to use the Disabled Player Exception,
        Bi-annual Exception, Non-Taxpayer Mid-Level Salary Exception,
        Taxpayer Mid-Level Salary Exception and Traded Player
        Exception set forth in Section 6(c), (d), (e), (f) and (j) above,
        respectively, except as set forth in Section 6(j)(2) and (3) above,
        only if, at the time any such Exception would arise and at all times
        until it is used, the Team’s Team Salary, excluding the amount(s) of
        such Exception and any other Exception that would be included in
        Team Salary pursuant to Section 6(m)(2) below, is (i) at or above
        the Salary Cap, or (ii) below the Salary Cap by less than the

